President Eyring, thank you for your comments. I appreciated the insight of 
continued answers to our prayers. Yes although important, obtaining all the 
knowledge and all the answers through study of even the most deepest 
intricate Gospel questions, pales when compared to the simple humble 
beginnings of a sincere Testimony. Knowledge without belief cannot sustain 
a fragile heart. But belief with even the simple knowledge of a child that 
they are a child of God, enables all with Faith to brave the Refiners Fire. 
At times I'm concerned about the degree of dedication to the Gospel in my 
life and those around me. And as I was sharing my Testimony one day those 
words entered my mind "knowledge without belief cannot sustain a fragile 
heart", and before I could think I said, "we say we believe that Joseph 
Smith was a Prophet, that we prayed about it and also believe in the 
validity of the Book of Mormon. These are good and precious things. We also 
believe in continued revelation. This is also good. We believe the words of 
the Prophet. Although it is good to believe his words, considering we 
believe in continued revelation and know that God answers prayers and the 
strength that those answers bring to our fragile hearts; I ask you, have 
you prayed to the Father in the name of Christ that Thomas S. Monson is 
indeed the Prophet today, that you may continue to be strengthened by an 
ever brightening testimony based on Spiritual confirmations, that the words 
the Prophet speaks may connect to our hearts to strengthen our resolve to 
do better and follow? 
Too many times people get caught up in interesting or exciting knowledge, 
although a good endeavor, if it is not coupled with and sustained by the 
Spirit of truth, it could possibly distant ourselves from God, even though 
it be good knowledge. Why some may ask? Because, as we seek to progress, if 
we lean onto the arm of our own understanding it will prove to fail when we 
end up in a situation that would need God's help but have not invited Him 
along. Likewise if we learn to lean on God and consistently invite His 
Spirit into our lives, seek His wisdom over our own, we will be lifted up, 
we will be taught all that we must know, we will be strengthened by the 
strength of His arm and shown to the path back to our Father in Heaven. 
Sincerely, Brother Herb Mason.﻿