Very well said.﻿Beautiful Elder Oaks..﻿I actually agree with him... to a point. Religion and secularism have their 
places. Religion has a place with third world countries and the working 
class who have nothing else in their lives to turn to. All leaders, 
politicians, scientists, and educators should be secular, because I have 
only ever seen religion cloud the thoughts of such people and cause them to 
make detestable decisions.﻿We are not a Democracy. We are a Republic. There is a big difference. We 
pledge allegence to the flag of the United States of America. None the lest 
we do believe the we have the Freedom of Religion. Well done Elder Oaks. 
The First Amendment is the Freedom of Religion Thank you for your Speech..﻿Article of faith #12 " We believe in being subject to kings, presidents, 
rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honoring and sustaining the law" 
Joseph Smith Jr. I guess he was wrong AGAIN.!﻿exalt and edify not, only exort. Understand homosexuality is an 
abomination, and those whom institute homosexuality are referred to as 
dogs.﻿We all need to support the law regardless of personal beliefs other wise it 
would be everyone for themselves.﻿Well balanced and articulated. Thank you Elder Oaks and Rev. Martin Marty 
for directing me here.﻿I still sustain Elder Oaks but I think he is losing to the intellectual/ 
spiritual boundaries, that keep one safe from making judgmental mistakes. 
The lawyer in him is starting to take over when he makes the claim that 
Davis did not have her religious freedom not to issue gay marriage license. 
If the supreme court of the land makes a law that you should kill one of 
your children if you have over three, to maintain population control, then 
elder Oaks is saying you should comply the law of the land. And yet his 
grandfather served in prison for his freedom of religion views, and he 
justifies that. When the supreme court issues a law that all mormon 
churches need to comply with allowing a gay speaker preach at the pulpit 
about the benefits of same sex marriage, then let`s see how soon that 
religious freedom kick`s in and our God given right to have religious 
freedom keeps us safe to keep Gods commandments. And to "love one another" 
does not mean you are to comply to their acts or beliefs. It means to 
respect and not have malice. I think brother Brigham Young is viewing this 
as worrisome talk.﻿Excellent. Thank you, Elder Oaks.﻿U.S. Supreme Court on Gay Marriage = Death Sentence for America. 
Thus saith the Lord God—Cursed shall be the land, yea, this land, unto 
every nation, kindred, tongue, and people, unto destruction, which 
do wickedly, when they are fully ripe; and as I have said so shall it be; 
for this is the cursing and the blessing of God upon the land, for the Lord 
cannot look upon sin with the least degree of allowance.  mww﻿"United we stand...divided we fall." - Abraham Lincoln﻿So grateful for the metaphor of a curtain rather than a wall; inspires me 
to seek more peaceful approaches when speaking and working for the issues I 
feel are important. Thank you for this video.﻿We should be like him.﻿Great job Elder Oaks.﻿Great job Elder Oaks.﻿IM an LGBT PERSON,Above all im an America citizen and i love my country and 
our Democracy! I Truely believe in the Separation of church and state! Long 
live true Democracy.We should Respect our differences indeed.Bottom line,we 
are on this earth to Love one another and Help our fellow human beings to 
have a safe and prosperous life #Lovewins﻿Very interesting talk.﻿The voice of reason.﻿Well done Elder Oaks!﻿