Children after the age of 8 years are, according to my belief, church 
belief, are accountable for their sins, therefore anyone considered 
accountable for sins or a sin, which they do not want to walk away from or 
repent of, should not be baptised, until he or she is considered of age to 
be an adult. Minors have to wait until they are 18, that is our law, we 
believe in laws, rules, and if you don't want to follow our chuch beliefs, 
laws or rules, then you don't have to, go somewhere else, it is that 
simple. We do not feel everyone can follow our strick way of life, and 
rather you don't put yourself in eternal damnation for joining our church 
and not being able to follow the laws God has set down for us Mormons, they 
are the most strick in the world, but the blessings are worth all the 
efforts. Going to a Temple is the most wonderful experience and feeling of 
being with our Heavenly Father you will find in this world. Pray about it, 
you are all welcome. Repent and live the life, you must live in the world, 
but not be a part of it, this is what we teach. God created Eve for Adam, 
not Adam for Adam, how stupid is that anyway. You would not be alive if we 
all were "Gay", or whatever you want to call it, it is not a Godly way. 
Gee, this just isn't difficult to figure out, those that argue this point 
are just self serving, that is of lucifer, not Heavely Father.﻿Now we know the total hypocrisy behind this statement.﻿Concerning children and the kingdom of God, and the proclamations of the 
LDS Church about children in gay marriages:

"But Jesus called the children to him and said, 'Let the little children 
come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of God belongs to such 
as these.'"

No matter how we are treated by one another or our institutions or society, 
the arms of Jesus, and the gates of His Kingdom, are always open wide.

Tim Conrad
Ogden, Utah﻿If you work in the public arena, you will serve the people, all of the 
people or find another line of work where you do not serve the public. This 
law will not withstand SCOTUS.﻿I always thought Elder Christofferson would be perfect for newscasting!﻿why not just say it's because of the commandments of God and His long 
standing true instructions in righteousness???  I thought you believe in 
the need to keep the commandments of God and Jesus Christ?﻿Did you miss yesterday's announcement from Church leaders about religious 
freedom and nondiscrimination? Watch this one-minute summary from Elder 
Christofferson. (You can watch the full news conference here: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?x-yt-cl=84924572&x-yt-ts=1422411861&v=RIOiaNCBER8) 
#‎Fairness4All ﻿