I served with his older brother (i.e. the one at BYU Hawaii that he 
mentioned) in the California San Fernando Mission. If he's anything like 
his bro, he's going to be a great missionary.mean clip LDS represent ! luv the gospel lol to dalevelz2828 - where is the 
luv bro !? LOLLOL! He's more Christian than all members of other churches combined. LOL!I also respectfully disagree with the notion that mormons practice "brain 
washing" My experience has been like this: "We have never been encouraged 
to be blindly obedient; it is an intelligent obedience that characterizes 
us as members of the church. Brigham Young is reported to have said that 
the greatest fear he had was that members of the church would take what he 
said as the mind and will of God without first praying and obtaining a 
witness of the same for themselves." -L. Tom PerryI have to respectfully disagree. The beliefs of the FLDS are are night and 
day from Mormons. Even beyond the fact the Mormon have only one wife, they 
dress in modern clothing and embrace higher education. Mormons are very 
outgoing and seek to contribute to society as opposed to being refuse. They 
preach against the evils of a dole and frown on civic welfare.wonderfully put.Great testimony and strength Daniel. I served with your brother, Karl out 
in the California San Fernando Mission from 05-07. You'll will have a 
defining two years as you prepare and serve faithfully for the Lord and His 
gospel! Never be ashamed of the Gospel of Jesus Christ!I agree!!! Good guy!!! The mission is first!!!oh my goodness it's Karl's brother!!! what up buddy... we should be friends 
:)The FLDS split from the LDS (Mormons) over 110 years ago. The FLDS were 
singularly committed to polygamy. When the Prophet of the Lord received the 
revelation that polygamy was no longer to be practiced, they left rather 
than follow the Prophet. They are still Americans (and should be afforded 
the protection of the Constitution), but they are not LDS (Mormons).Nice guy, but the LDS are very much the same as FLDS. Same Joseph Smith and 
Brigham Young. Same Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of 
Great Price. Same Secret Temple ceremonies. Same brainwashing of youth that 
"When the Prophet Speaks the thinking has been done". SAME, SAME, 
SAME...Except that the LDS are much more ashamed of the full stories of 
Joseph Smith and Brigham Young than the FLDS !