Thanks for this awesome video. I felt the spirit very strongly while 
watching it. You are a special person Omiolo.I don't understand what you are trying to say. On the one hand you believe 
in the atonement of Christ, but on the other hand (I think) you are saying 
that Christianity is not for you because it has a racist past.For about 1500 years only the levites held the priesthood in israel. The 
priesthood partain to the Lord and only Him may decide who can receive it 
and when. Is not a question of democracy or equal rights. I respect your 
feelings and hope to have been of some help, (excuse me for my english).Thank you for sharing. I am a member of the Church and I have a testimony 
that it is true as well, but I do not think that we can understand why (or 
if) the Lord did not allow some to hold the priesthood through the evidence 
you have provided. My understanding is that we have no knowledge of why the 
priesthood was ever denied to blacks of African decent. Joseph Smith 
ordained blacks, and we have no record that the Lord commanded us to stop 
ordaining all worthy men.If you were a sinner and then were made FREE from sin, at what point should 
people accept that change in your life.... We need to forgive and allow LDS 
church continue on the path of acceptance.I'm sorry, but I'm a good person. I genuinely care about people, I pray to 
God because I can feel there is one, I believe he sacrificed a son for 
mankind. But I just cannot settle into a faith that has had a history of 
thinking coloured races were evil at one time. It's like..."no you can't 
join us because your skin is black" and all of a sudden, "well ok then you 
can be equals with us" Sorry, I mean no disrespect, but my heart feels sad 
for those black people who must have felt inferior..sad@blckchrysda John 15:16 is helpful for me at least :) Is there a Biblical refference that states any of the 12 Apostles were 
given either of the priesthoods?Family and a wife are usually invited ... nothing secret about being 
ordained to the priesthood. They gave my husband the priesthood Sunday. Unfortunately I was not 
invited. How do you like that? A Return Sister Missionary and I wasn't 
invited.Great video! My testimony was strengthened again! Thank you.!This also explains the contradictions found between the Old and New 
Testament. God does not change because he is perfect. However people do 
change and as society changes adaptations (or revelation if you like) comes 
into the bible through prophecy. Not only was Jesus the son of God, he was 
also a prophet of God. So this is why he says "turn the other cheek" when 
in the bible it said "an eye for an eye" Think of the book of Mormon as the 
"third testament" and this continues onward in other books.I am glad that this has happened it is truly God's work. However, why are 
the verses still printed in the Book of Mormon? (Alma 3:6 etc) Since I only 
joined the church in March this year I am still reading through the 
passages. I was quite shocked and surprised to come across this and several 
other verses in Nephi. Were it not for this video, it wouldn't have been 
made clear to me and the danger would have been anyone new coming into the 
church could have the misconception of it being racist.The Book of Mormon offers a promise. Ask God if these things are true and 
if u ask in faith u will know of its veracity. When u know, u m nt 
understand all things but u trust He has a reason why He does things. We 
have been to many wards after we have moved quite a bit and never felt an 
ounce of racism but an outpouring of love,. When people need help, the 
church is always there; this is the real thing. Why doesn't anybody talk 
about that? Why the negative? What kind of society have we become?I am sorry that you feel this way but I respect you. I love blacks, so much 
I married one. I don't understand why my parents did when I was young and 
at times I felt thier decisions were unfair but as I grew up I did. I don't 
know why this blessing was held back for a time, I can only see part of the 
picture and I don't understand but I trust Him enough to know that there 
was a reason. I am glad my wonderful husband and I can be sealed in the 
holy Temple. I know this Church is true.GOD KNOWS WHATS TRUE. We may not understand it all right now but I know He 
has chosen special witnesses to be servants in His vineyard and that they 
receive direct revelation from the Lord himself. Everything in due time :DOf course you will have to pray earnestly and with an open heart as much or 
even more than Pres. Kimball did back in 78 to know the truth for 
yourself...but if you really do want to know the answer you say you are at 
this time ignorant of then consider this...Priesthood, the very power of 
God was never denied anyone...not by God that is.I believe that God has a perspective that nobody else has, and it makes 
perfect sense to me that He would have waited to give the priesthood to all 
races until His children were ready to open their arms to each other and 
make room in the inn. The priesthood isn't some trophy that is reserved for 
God's favorites, but it is a gift that all people have been able to benefit 
from since His church was restored, regardless of race, gender, ethnicity 
or anything else. He loves us more than we know.thank you.what lies? it is unbelievable for me how much hate (which is in my belief 
from devilish origin) there is.In true Christianity there never was any doctrine to exclude blacks from 
the priesthood. Its amazing how Mormons accept and believe their false 
unbiblical doctrines. Early Mormon leaders taught that the priesthood would 
not be given to blacks before the millenium. Thats a remarkable 
characteristic of their "prophets" - they contradict the Bible and 
themselves.This was good informationAmazing! isn't it? God must be answering their prayers!the lds church is the true church and if u want proof pray about it and 
read the book of mormon.No lies here my friend. Jesus in the Bible also withheld the Priesthood 
from others....I don't know the reasoning, I don't like it, but there is a 
reason......wish I had an answer for you.I believe there is no good reason as many leaders have stated this over the 
years. It's wonderful that it was reversed, but people must know their 
history!Kieth Hamilton baptised my family in Puerto Rico and dropped me off to the 
MTC!! Whoohoo!!!HI! the video is awesome I love it!I agree with everthing u say 
+1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 and 3/4!Lies? i dont think so. Mormonism is the true church.Awesome explanation!you are the only one who thinks that...I have a strong testimony of the thuth of God's revelation of this 
subject.. I know as sure as I know I live that God let this ban exist as 
the ultimate faith tester for His children in this time.Neither Paul, John, Peter, nor Jesus ever did it. I boast that no man ever 
did such a work as I. The followers of Jesus ran away from Him; but the 
Latter-day Saints never ran away from me yet...When they can get rid of me, 
the devil will also go." (History of the Church, Vol. 6, p. 408, 409) 
[Whole sermon click here.] - Joseph Smith: founder, prophet, seer, and 
revelator of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.Not to mention the fact that at the time when the Church was coming up many 
blacks were still enslaved, and it would have been difficult to have the 
priesthood and yet be under the rule of a slave owner. A lot of people also 
don't realize that Joseph Smith had in fact given certain blacks the 
priesthood at the beggining. I am grateful for the gift of prayer whereby I 
can know that this was a true revelation given to President Kimball. God 
Bless all our priestholders, no matter what race!I wonder if one day we'll look back and see how history and minute 
circumstance all needed to happen at this moment and that's why it took so 
long. We don't see the whole picture, do we.what a blessing.Did this ban also exclude other non-whites from the priesthood, such as 
Native Americans or Asians?Our family has multi-racial members. We are so happy that those members of 
color are speaking out about the positive aspects of being Black in the 
Church. I do not believe that men of color were denied the power of the 
Priesthood because of anything they did or did not do in the preexistence. 
It was wisdom in Heavenly Father. That is good enough for me. If one doesnt 
believe that God directs His Church through His prophets, then it is moot 
to even speculate on the whys.So Great!!!! only those who see with Spiritual eyes can see the work of the 
hands of the Lord. I love the Mormons!! they are an example of a Christlike 
living.Well, I want to know. Are black people inferior to white people? I'd like 
to know.What is important is this.... A prophet of God is on earth in our day. That 
is how we can know the will of our Heavenly Father. Our Father in Heaven 
loves each of us black and white...Imagine that every one in the MORMON church is Black the 
Prophets,Apostles,Bishops,and elders and you and your WHITE FAMILY is the 
only WHITE LDS MEMBERS in your ward.Then one day you find out the Black LDS 
Prophets had said that YOUR WHITE SKIN AND POINTY NOSE IS A CURSE FROM GOD 
would you stay?Every WHITE member I ASK that question to tell me they would 
LEAVE the church.I even told my WHITE 70 year OLD bishop that and his EYES 
LIT UP BIG he said NOTHING.Thats how it feels to be a BLACK MORMON.the gospel was always for all people who trusted in jesus. Thats so sad 
that Mormons are now proud that the black have the priesthood!! Everyone 
can come to jesus and get forgivness you do not need all this priesthood 
stuffkudosthis is amazing! none of it is lies. truly the word of the Lord.Millions, and it is not 'lies' it is the gospel of Jesus Christ...they church did not deny this right God did why should we apologize for God?so here is a story about Joseph Smith, I'm sure one of those you are 
calling racist. there was a black man which broken a law in Nauvo, and had 
a fine to pay. he was pleading with Joseph because he was saving the money 
to buy his sons freedom. Joseph stated the law had been broken, and that 
the fine must be paid. he then turned around, and gave the man a horse. 
Joseph was never a man who had an abudance of possesions quite the 
opposite. it was God's command not the leaders.this ban was done out of compassion. I realize for some that is hard to 
understand. The two most hated groups in America at the time were the 
blacks and the Mormons. To unite them at the time would have allowed evil 
men to focus all their hate on one group. It was a great a hard thing 
Brigham Young did to preserve the black race in the land.Awesome VideoThanks for sharing this. I know many members who didn't and still don't 
understand why/how the priesthood was not available to all for a period of 
time. I don't know the answer either but I do know that I'm glad that all 
men can have the priesthood now. I have had so many witnesses that this is 
the true and living church. I'm grateful that all my friends can share it.i am so happy that i read this i dont have to leave my churchloved the video. thanksthe lds church is a TRUE church. those who want "proof" won't find it. you 
are looking for the wrong reasons. the inspiration of the holy ghost and 
the truthfulness of the book of mormon are the only "proof" i need.Very nice jobI'm amazed how many times god changes his mind.I worked with a mormon who would make black racist jokes daily. I finally 
got a job transfer.Why blacks were barred from the priesthood is never addressed. Yes, God 
works in His own ways and yes, earlier, only Levites could hold the 
Priesthood. This should have been mentioned in the video to demonstrate the 
incredible faith all people must have to join this church, especially black 
members, to accept that God has a purpose for denying certain people from 
the Priesthood.Were Hispanic ever banned from the priesthood?"Two of my 4 adult children are married to African-American spouses. We 
have a wonderful bi-racial grandson, who we love dearly. " wonderful to 
hear!!!Very well done...great job!A lot. I'm not sure anyone knows the exact numbers, but I personally know 
of quite a few. Out of 13 million members, you are looking at quite a large 
number.Amen to that Brother, I've always asked why didn't why the priesthood 
wasn't given earlier to my people. Then I realized that God works in his 
own ways, the ancient Israelites were the original recipients of the 
priesthood, and it wasn't given to the Gentile nations till when Christ 
came. Also if I remember correctly, it was the opinion of one man that has 
been taken out of context and it wasn't the church's doctrine. I believe 
with all my heart that this is the gospel of Christ...2:45 says exactly the opposite. "The revealtion that extended the 
priesthood to all worthy males..." Doesn't that mean that it wasn't always 
that way?Thank you for this amazing video.There are so many misconceptions about this part of our history. Mormons by 
the very docterine we believe in are not racist. One of the main reasons we 
were persecuted in Missouri was because most latterday saints were not 
friendly to slavery. The preisthood issue was not anyone's fault. Women 
still don't have it, but that doesn't mean the Lord doesn't love us. It's 
his preisthood and he has a plan and a purpose for every person, whether or 
not they have the preisthood.Wow..I've never heard it put that way before.Thanks,Brother."i knew that something before us was important to the children of God"Thank you for your post. That realization helped clear up a lot of my 
thoughts on this too.1830 revelation by Joseph Smith D&C 36:7"And this commandment shall be 
given unto the elders of my church,that every man which will embrace it 
with singleness of heart may be ordained and sent forth,even as I have 
spoken."D&C 63:57"And again,verily I say unto you,those who desire in their 
hearts,in meekness,to warn sinners to repentance,let them be ordained unto 
this power."This is regarding the same thing as this 1978 revelation made 
by Spencer W. Kimball.There is no mention of the Cursed race.I never believed the "curse of Cain" LDS doctrine regarding the blacks. 
"Men are punished for their own sins, and not for their forefather's 
sins".... according to the Second Article of Faith of the LDS Church itself.AWESOMEThey were never racists. They were called of God. That had nothing to do 
with the premortal existence it had to do with Adam and Eve and Cain and 
AbelI love JESUS!!!!What was the same reason? You never answered the question.Wonderful video! I am a firm believer in The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints. I cannot deny the witness I've received from the Holy 
Ghost. Thank you for adding this.Thank you for this video.This was a good video. Very interesting. I realize more and more that I 
certainly don't know everything,especially concerning the history of the 
church. But I do know that the Lord knows everything. And I do know that I 
have followed the teachings of His prophets and that has brought greater 
peace and happiness in my life and more importantly has helped me grow 
closer to Gdd.You must not know many Mormons, and those you do know, you know very little 
about them. Mormons believe in continuing revelation, as you can see in 
this video. We believe in the Bible, the Book of Mormon, and more. We 
believe that God lives and that he speaks. We believe that he answers our 
prayers and he will answer yours. We're encouraged to continue our 
education and be knowledgeable of the world around us. We are no so limited 
as you're suggesting.Great video!Great video, we should have this in Spanish. People need to know the truth 
instead of using this topic to attack the Church without reason.What is the Priesthood? Why it it important to Mormons?mormon (dot) org is a great place to start. You can learn more about what 
Mormons believe at that site.I love President Kimball's voice. What a powerful introduction to this most 
important event in Church history for Latter-day Saints (mormons).Great vid!This is a wonderful video. True and beautiful.for the same reasons that the priesthood was limited back in the days of 
moses when only the tribe of levi was allowed to preform the ordinanced in 
the tabernacle. It sure wasn't bc the Lord was racist or bc he didnt love 
the other tribes. The Lord knows all and there is a purpose to the extent 
and time in which he reveals things.I love the Gospel of Jesus Christ, this Video really great Joel ReyesThank you for sharing this video I was able to be at this fireside and 
celebration. It was an amazing moment to rehear President Benson's 
testimony. And to know that being a Latter-Day Saint is truly a privilage 
and blessing. Especially as a minority..Why was the priesthood limited in the first place? Was the original 
revelation limited or wrong?In certain biblical times the Levites were the only race allowed to hold 
the Aaronic Priesthood. Are we to understand that God was racist back then 
too or is it possible that certain peoples in certain dispensations were 
chosen? God's purposes are above ours. If this man joined the church he did 
so because he knew it was right.The word subordinate is not used correctly in this case as all those who 
are members of teh church recieve the blessings of the priesthood through 
priesthood holders, both male female and race. I served in Brazil as an LDS 
missionary. I was the only white boy in the church most of the time. You 
should ask a black member of the church why he or she chose to be a member 
and I think you will get your answer.Come and see who we are and what we believe. What a marvelous statement. 
The Church more than makes public the affairs and doctrine we believe in."Christ's original church needed more priesthood among the Romans, and 
miraculously the apostles changed church policy on gentiles and the 
priesthood." We could go on I'm sure. Society encouraged the examination of 
the issue, perhaps. But prophecy is almost always called "decision by 
convenience" by unbelievers. Examine nearly any prophecy in the Bible and 
you will find the same. I heartily disagree with your take on this. This 
was a miracle and and act of God."The Gospel of Jesus Christ needs NO defense, it stands on its own" It is a 
beautiful Gospel of love!"He has heard our prayers, and by revelation has confirmed" For this 
revelation and many others we are gratefulThank you for your comment here. As I watched this video, tears of joy came 
to me as I remember that great and wonderful day, that we all knew would 
come, some day. I think the Lord had his reason, which is not our reason. 
Looking back though, your comment gives excellent insight. Good video! 
Thanks Brother eldestdeBeautiful video... thank you. "Come and see who we are..."Really? What racist rants and terrible statements?