


﻿Inspiring message, Thank you President Oaks, =)﻿This presentation like many others is deserving of being revisited an 
reviewed and each time we will learn and better remember the vital points 
Elder Oaks has so greatly brought out.﻿I bear testimony that the TEMPLE is the home of GOD The transcript can be found on Mormon Newsroom. Search for Chapman 
transcript. Is there a way to get a written copy of this speech? This talk defines the 
battle ground and salient points in the struggle to maintain religious 
freedom in America and around the world.I am not a Mormon, but I do agree w/ a lot of his points. However, I 
remember last year when Brigham City tried to pass an ordinance to prohibit 
some other faiths from passing out literature meant to evangelize the LDS 
at the temple open house. I am curious of the reaction of the LDS when the 
first amendment is used in ways they may find personally offensive.Absolutely brilliant. And all the living, modern 12 Apostles are his peers. 
In private life prior to called to serve they were notably famous within 
their own circles. Two examples: 1) World famous heart surgeon who was 
instrumental with the development of hear/lung machine. 2) Stanford 
educated Stanford Professor and Harvard Professor.An astounding disertation on religious freedom!I'm proud of our Apostle We thank the oh God for a prophet.Awesome talk!I wish everyone could have had the opportunity to listen to this talk. 
Thanks Elder Oaks. I will be sharing on Facebook:) "Our constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is 
wholly inadequate to the government of any other." - John Adams. Incredible 
quote.@ 38:33 this touches me... he gets emotional here... can't we feel the love 
with which he speaks with such an important subject.A Great Discourse from a very smart and wise apostle.How does Religious Freedom diminish if it is in the Constitution and it is 
a civil liberty to worship who and how they may? Is the Government removing 
this liberty? Legal protection, I thought Religious Freedom was protected 
by the Constitution?I concur wholeheartedly that moral relativism is the problem. What 
reasonable person would put human intellect above absolute rules of a moral 
code or a religion, knowing that the flaws of religion (of which there are 
many) are the product of misapprehension of absolute codes of morality, or, 
at the very least, their misapplication? It seems utterly astonishing that 
anyone would wish to replace the absolutes of religion with the relative 
and flawed instrument of religion's misapplication.Our Founding Fathers deliberately Placed religious freedom first in the 
Bill of Rights So wanting to maintain the guarantee Of a nation under God's 
guiding light what a great reminder! @sborrowman53 You know I am thankful that you point that out, most of the 
religious ideas are not debatable and it come out as conclusions; you 
either act in accordance with their faith or struggling with some of the 
aspects. It is not like human laws that can be change or alter into 
different ways because largely base on the fundamental truths we all 
accepted to live by, even for the non believers...amen sonia&familyThe practice of these principles would benefit all people.Holy.. I can't believe I watched the whole thing. I was glued to it. He's 
such a smart man. He intellectually obliterates those who wish to destroy 
religion.This is a true message. We must preserve the free expression of religion.Finally an Apostle speaks of U.S. Constitution and Religious Principles. 
Should be taught at General Conference but probably prohibited by federal 
law 501(c)3 tax exempt status (aka Ministers Muzzle).Thank you Elder Oaks for defending the rights of all religions! Let us now 
join together to protect these rights, independent of creed.