Phoney church﻿ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh﻿busquen de CRISTO. salgan de esa falsa secta﻿Alma Ruth cepeda Martínez...pareces que te regalas!﻿Ahí me quiero casar !!!!﻿Ho mi Dios el Templo en Roma !!! Es divino﻿Is the Mormon Temple open in Rome Italy? ﻿I haven't been baptized yet but I always pray for a temple in Nairobi, 
Kenya...﻿Beautiful video! It's good to see there will be a Temple in Italy for all 
members. Greetings to Itlay!!!﻿YesRome is the mother of all peoples and all religions I'm proud to be RomanThey are such beautiful buildings that inspire.I also served in Italy from 1987 to 1988. I hope to be able to take my 
family there for the dedication so they can all see where there mom served.Some time in my life I've got to go to this one! So amazing!Hi,IM A MORMON SENCE 11.FEB.2012&IM LOOKING FORWORD TO VISIT THE 
NEW-ROME-ITALY-TEMPLE!WHEN ITS READY TO,VISIT&SEEING,AND THEN ILL BE 
A,ELDER!MY MANY THANKS TO,PRESIDENT THOMAS.S.MONSON,JESUS CRIST,GOD,HOLY 
SPRIT,THANK YOU&GOD BLESS ALL MY BROTHERS&SISTERS-WORLDWIDE!I SAY THIS IN 
THE NAME OF JESUS CRIST,AMEN!(PEACE!Rome ItalyVery nice video! If you would like to see the actual surroundings of the 
temple and an update on construction as of May 2012, search for "LDS Rome 
Temple Update May 2012"That is a statue of Christ.nu stiu daca se merita sa fie construit un templu in italia stiu ca nu 
trebuie sa judecam dar trebuie sa ne uitam in jur ce fel de oameni ne 
inconjoara Wow, it's amazing how far Computer effects have come. That video of the 
proposed Temple actually looked entirely "real", like it was video of the 
real thing. Looks beautiful..... Go the Lord's Restored Church.....whos tht roman guy @ the end of the video??I love Rome Italy and new LDS Mormon Temple.Bella Italia.I am pleased to be Mormon.I served in the Italy Rome Mission almost 40 years ago. I love the Italian 
people and have waiting with great excitement for this Temple. I met my 
husband there in Rome, also a missionary. My whole family wants to go back 
to the Bella Italia to see the Eternal City that means so much to our 
family. Love this video. BELLO..MOLTO BELLO..!! LA CHIESA E PIENA DELLE PERSONE 
LATINOMAERICANA..PERCIO IL LIBRO DI MORMON......3ne:16 12 And I will show unto thee, O house of Israel, that the Gentiles 
shall not have power over you; but I will remember my covenant unto you, O 
house of Israel, and ye shall come unto the aknowledge of the fulness of my 
gospel. 13 But if the Gentiles will repent and return unto me, saith the 
Father, behold they shall be anumbered among my people, O house of Israel. i am headed to the italy rome mission this summer and absolutely cannot 
wait to bring the gospel to these wonderful people! i am so excited for the 
temple to be built there and hope to be there for its dedication. its going 
to be amazing! I love how this temple kind of resembles the Salt Lake temple with the two 
main spires at both ends... beautiful design and a huge blessings for the 
saints in this land where even Peter walked and preached.@gchmara1 I served in Germany. We returned to see the Temple in Frankfurt, 
and knowing I had something to do with it, years before made me weep with 
joy. You will too!beautiful design! 8-)Que alegría!! me emociono cada vez que veo este video! I served my mission in Italy, and will be returning to visit this temple. 
Such a wonderful blessing for the saints in Italy. Cosi bello!That Temple looks amazing I want to visit that one when it is finished 
maybe even vacation there and see the rest of Italy. WOW!!!How wonderful for church members in Italy!What a lovely and unusual build! I can't wait to hear the continued updates 
on this happy, happy event. How thrilled the members in Italy and 
surrounding areas must be!wow, this temple is beautiful... holds great promise for our time, the 
kingdom of our Heavenly Father is sweeping the planet ...This is such a great blessings, for us!!!!!!Awesome!!!!!!!!What a great blessing for our brothers in Italy! Nobody saw this coming but 
God himself and his prophet!Wow, it's really beautiful! All I can say is ...WOW how beautiful!What a blessing to the Italian Saints this temple of God will be!wowIs this a video of how it is going to look?What an amazing thing this is! And today is the groundbreaking!I love to see the temple. A design like the temples of the antiquity would have been cool ;)