exodus 20:1-17, deuteronomy 4:2, jeremiah 17:9, isaiah 64:6, romans 
3:10-23, galatians 1:6-9 ephesians 2:8-9, titus 3:5,1corinthians 6:9-10, 
revelation 21:8, revelation 22:18-19, We must confess and REPENT(turn away 
from sins,good deeds and turn to God) only Jesus saves us, no one else. God 
blessshe seems soooo very happy! She must be Mormon!incredible, she is the best news anchor we have in southeast texas, we are 
luckyWoow!! that's really cool!mark my words these people will be on top of the heep in the near future. 
The average american family is a mess. Strong family and church made this 
country what it is today . If you come from a disfunctional family your 
chances of being a functional adult are very slim.You really should find out about mormonism instead of just trusting your 
mis-interpretationsIt's true that people should search the truth yet also trusting your heart 
is vital. The heart is mainly how God communicates to us so it shouldn't be 
ignored. If you search for the truth with an open heart and mind you will 
find it. =)omg...i miss watching you on tv...and seeing you at church...and i havnt 
seen your kids in forever...and i remember seeing heath all the time at 
church....great blog.thank you, beautifully put.7. Yes. This part of worship and doctrine was removed from the sacred 
texts, but has since been restored and practiced. 8. Yes. Only a small part 
of this doctrine remains. Read 1 Corinthians 15:29. It MUST be done to 
fulfill John 3:3-5 9. As part of a Sacrament Service, yes, as do many other 
Christian congregations. Bottom Line: The two groups separated 118 years 
ago.By the way, temples were a big part of Old Testament life, and Jesus Christ 
taught in the temple. This is one reason the restoration was necessary. 
People had forgotten and corrupted the use of the temple. 7. Yes. This part 
of worship and doctrine was removed from the sacred texts, but has since 
been restored and practiced.4. True, but then, so do Catholics, Episcopalians, Coptic, Jewish, etc. 5. 
Yes, just as Jesus Christ instructed 6. False. Until they began 
construction on the single temple recently constructed in Texas, the 
splinter group had no temples. They now have one, but are clueless as to 
it's purpose, and make things up as they go along. There are no beds in 
temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (unless there 
may be a cot in a First Aid station of which I am unaware.)1. True 2. False - They tried to stay in the church after polygamy was done 
away with, but as soon as they were discovered, they were excommunicated. 
Why? They refused to recognize the living prophet, who had received 
revelation that polygamy should no longer be practiced. 3. True, though 
their interpretation is far removed.What an impressive example of a woman who has a career yet remains true to 
her moral and religious values. Tracy you are a wonderful role model.10. Both are secretive about what goes on in their temples. 11. Both teach 
that polygamy will be necessary to enter into the highest degree of heaven. 
LDS believe in polygamy, they are just not currently practicing it. 12. 
Both are dishonest groups of people who will not tell potential converts 
what their church really teaches. FLDS and the LDS have MORE in common than 
they do not in common.1. Belief in Joseph Smith. 2. Both same church until the 1930s. 3. Both 
believe Book of Mormon to be scripture. 4. Both believe they have the one 
and only true priesthood of god. 5. Both have male dominated clergy and 
heirarchies. 6. Both believe they have temples on the earth. 7. Both 
believe they can be married beyond the grave. 8. Both do baptisms for the 
dead. 9. Both hold fast and testimony meetings once a month as a form of 
worship.A great video clip. I give it very high rating. Bj.Thank you for sharing your life and testimony!I also enjoyed the video. I am a mother and I have realized the importance 
of having a belief in God and I know the importance of daily prayer. 
Perhaps the humblest part of being a mother is knowing, there is no way I 
could do it alone. I need Heavenly Father to help me. I rely upon Him. When 
I don't, my every day life seems chaotic and I feel more stressed. Thank 
you for posting your video and sharing what you value and believe most.Are you saying that the FLDS church is similar to the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints? I am a little confused. Please explain the 
similarities that you are referring to.Such a nice, precious woman...and yet so lost in this horrible, deceptive 
cult.I would feel that my friend is misinformed, but i would not let that get in 
the way of our friendship. and know i would not be offended, because I 
already know for myself, that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints, is the True Church of God. That doesnt mean other faiths don't have 
truths. it just means that our church is the only Church with Christ at 
it's head. it is Christ's Church, not our prophets.I loved this. Her last sentance is especially inspiring to me. "If you love 
Christ, and you keep the principles that he taught then you are a Good 
Mormon Woman". Thank you Tracy!Continued no i'm not going to say why you don't allow gays in because i 
agree with that one and why is your bible diffrent thaen every other 
religions and the one that has been around for thousands of years your 
bible says made for the lds faith ifwhen the new shows the polygamists at the compound, its sad but true, these 
are associated with us. this video seems to show a normal family life in 
the life of a busy professional. it is not uncommon to the type you might 
find in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints.I loved it. I'm so much proud to be a mormon woman!I'm Mormon and I don't have anything against any other faith. I believe 
everyone has the right to worship how they choose. The only thing I don't 
like is the same thing any member of any other faith wouldn't like. I don't 
want to be confused with another faith in regards to what I believe. There 
are common threads between all religions. But, I wouldn't think my Baptist 
friends are Catholic, and I wouldn't think my Catholic friends are Baptist, 
simply because they do share some common beliefs.Kudos from another Mormon originally from Texas. I know you're few out 
there in Texas, thanks for making this video to set people striaght. God 
bless you for your efforts."my children are my life" "I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints" I believe these two statements go hand in hand!this is soo cool. this is the best positive Mormon video I've seen so far. 
I'm soo proud and honored to be a Mormon and this message just made my 
beliefs soar a little bit higheryou can tell she means it because she cries! it happens all the time in my 
church during testimony meetingyeah someone is leting the world know the truth!! thnx for puting this on 
here they realy help spread our true beleifes!! <3 ur freindly mormonme too. are you a mormon? =]rjstacey64: I agree with you. However, the Reorganized Church no longer 
goes by that name. They are called by another name now. They go only on the 
original teachings of Joseph Smith and do not practice polygamy. But, I am 
like you, I get so angry when people think that our Church, The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the FLDS is the same sect, when in 
fact we are not related to them at all, other than through Joseph Smith. 
Come Come Ye Saints!I hate it when people get the Church confused with the fldS and the 
Reorganizeds LDS church. It's just one more thing that the adversary is 
doing to spread distrust. Be strong O' saints.Great video. I'm excited to see the rest of the series. I'm a working 
mother who is a Mormon too. What a great role model!nice to see your priorities are in order! Great message!Great message.Yay! 1st view! Beautiful video. :-) Sweet woman.