Ronland a Rasband gray e Stevenson and renlud I love you﻿I love that the LDS Church has 15 apostles!﻿An apostle physically saw the resurrected Christ. Have these men seen and 
been commissioned by the resurrected Christ? Also, the church is built on 
the foundation of the apostles (Ephesians 2:20). Does that mean 2,000 years 
later we're building a new foundation? The Bible doesn't jive with this at 
all.﻿gaming greats is entitled to his opinion , he is a child of God﻿Is god American?﻿never heard such nonsense﻿I am so proud to sustain these fine gentlemen! May our Lord, our Saviour, 
Jesus Christ bless these men and their families. I look forward to getting 
to know them and listening to their guidance...﻿Seer- got your stone in your pocket?!?🐂💩﻿yes a black man could be an apostle if he is a successful money getting 
person.﻿just 3 new business men.﻿These dignified men need to drop the MofM and call it what it is...a lie. 
They need to drop the jesus of Joseph Smith and call for repentance to the 
TRUE JESUS of the Bible...the ONLY BEGOTTON Son of the Father. Then they 
need to realize that salvation is a FREE gift of God, Not of works lest any 
man should boast.﻿Andrew Knight, Can you give references to your comments please?﻿Lets just hope that these men are able to study the documented Church 
history with fresh eyes and find some way of stopping the flood of all the 
original documentation on the net. It is not helpful to show Joseph in such 
a poor light even if it is the truth. The sooner that history is buried the 
sooner the decline in membership can be halted.﻿Three great men called of God. all needed be said.﻿Jesus said I am the way not religion is the way.
Follow Jesus, not religion!!﻿False religion.... in fact all religion is false.
They even mention that there's (their church) is a religion. Being a 
Christian is not following a brand of religion.

It is so sad that people choose to follow religion and not Jesus.﻿You Mormons do not know the Bible, if you really knew the Bible, you would 
know the Book of Mormon is false!﻿to be called as an apostle is a special blessing with life long services 
and dedication.....not an easy assignment for anyone...........﻿Unfortunately the Book of Mormon contradicts the Bible,In Ist Nephi it 
talks about animals such as horses and cows that were supposedly seen in 
North America in 600 BC Unfortunately this is false as these animals 
weren't introduced to North America until the fifteenth century from Europe 
and later England.﻿Paul the apostle was educated at the University of Tarsus, and was very 
eloquent.﻿All wonderful men, with powerful testimonies of the Savior. I also happen 
to know that Elder Rasband is also kind to strangers. Paid for my dinner 
once after a general conference session.﻿3 more scam artists﻿Indeed man of sound understanding. I love there testimony about the savior 
Jesus Christ. Indeed they have shown that their love the Savior and the 
prophet. 29th Sept. makes a day of joy for them. Am more than happy.﻿fine apparel, rich church, rich people, no way!! Revelations﻿"...caring for the poor and the needy..." i.e. milking the sheep in your 
congregation... People are beginning to wake up to the ugly reality of the 
huge scam that is called LDSchurch. What are you gonna do when the bubble 
bursts? Not to mention the judgment day, when you will face God and you 
WILL realize He is not like you. Never has, never will. I wish you good 
luck...﻿The Jesus Christ of the Mormons is not the Jesus Christ of the Bible. 
Further, The Mormon religion is polytheistic, just to name two cardinal 
departures from historic Christian Faith.﻿So awesome!﻿would it be possible to have a black skin apostol?﻿It's wonderful to hear this men of God speak , one singleness of purpose 
was, the knew their calling comes from the Lord Jesus Christ. As we sustain 
them, lets pray for them as well to deliver and overcome temptations.﻿3 more deceived souls so sad﻿Funny how God only chooses white-american men to be their special 
witnesses. I can hear him saying to himself. "yeah, I love black people, I 
forgave them for taking their time to accept my plan, but still, I just 
don't want them to lead my church, I mean, ew, blacks!"﻿God didn't call any of these men!﻿nothing is holy or sacred about their callings, and these callings are not 
from King Jesus!﻿home grown men of god﻿I'm sure these are good men but it seemed that their words and their 
actions clashed. They kind of strutted in with their wives hanging on their 
arms like they were royalty. Then they gave acceptance speeches like they 
had just won an award. Then they went on and on about how humble they are 
and how it's not at all about them. Then at the end someone unleashes their 
families who come flooding in in some kind of odd celebratory 
mode...hugging them like they just won the Superbowl or something.
Don't get me wrong, I think a lot about Mormonism is good. But I guess I 
really just don't understand the weird traditions like this whole 
spectacle. Why not just announce who the new apostles are in the conference 
and then move on? Why are they treated like royalty? Weird.﻿God Bless them!﻿I love and support these new apostles! I am excited to get to know them 
more and about there lives!﻿excited to get to know these wonderful mean!﻿Really enjoyed this video. Excited for these men to serve for the Church.﻿YES THEY ARE MEN OF GOD﻿God bless them and their families﻿Three apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ speaking with the grace and 
intelligence that comes from having the Spirit of God. Their unfeigned 
humility is clear to see.﻿I enjoyed the end as well - seeing their families!! Thank you for posting 
:)﻿God is not interested in skin color, these men lived with God before they 
were born as was all of us and they were foreordained to this high and holy 
calling. If you have issues with this,take it up with God.﻿Two unqualified and one hustler. ﻿I don't think Renlund knows what apoplectic means.
Here's some free advice- don't use big words. Your church teaches that 
plain and precious truth is divine. Stop trying to sound eloquent. Instead, 
focus on actually saying something. We're tired of platitudes and 
anecdotes-- preach something. After all, you're sustained as prophets, 
seers, and revelators. Please prophesy, translate, or reveal.
It would be a welcome change. Sincerely,
--non-mormons﻿While all 3 seem like great men and I'm sure they'll do well in their new 
positions, I remain firm in my opinion that this was a wasted opportunity 
to show some diversity in our top leadership. As a global church it 
would've been nice to see at least one or two of them (if not all three) 
come from outside the USA (especially outside of Utah) to provide differing 
and unique perspectives.

For example: one black, one from South America (where membership has always 
been huge and growing) and one from a European country. All of which I'm 
sure can be found within the Quorum of the Seventies.﻿the end when the families come in 👍﻿17:27 is my favorite part... this seems like an incredible man. :)﻿