thanks Lord for these blessings﻿What a beautiful, historical, panoramic dedicatory prayer. So grateful to 
be a part of this glorious gospel of Jesus Christ.﻿Correct me if I'm wrong, this isn't the place where Joseph Smith put a rock 
in a hat, as Nelson acknowledged?
http://www.lds.org/ensign/1993/07/a-treasured-testament?lang=eng﻿amazing. learnt a lot﻿Doctrine & Covenants 128:19-20: 

19 Now, what do we hear in the gospel which we have received? A voice of 
gladness! A voice of mercy from heaven; and a voice of truth out of the 
earth; glad tidings for the dead; a voice of gladness for the living and 
the dead; glad tidings of great joy. How beautiful upon the mountains are 
the feet of those that bring glad tidings of good things, and that say unto 
Zion: Behold, thy God reigneth! As the dews of Carmel, so shall the 
knowledge of God descend upon them!

20 And again, what do we hear? Glad tidings from Cumorah! Moroni, an angel 
from heaven, declaring the fulfilment of the prophets—the book to be 
revealed. A voice of the Lord in the wilderness of Fayette, Seneca county, 
declaring the three witnesses to bear record of the book! The voice of 
Michael on the banks of the Susquehanna, detecting the devil when he 
appeared as an angel of light! The voice of Peter, James, and John in the 
wilderness between Harmony, Susquehanna county, and Colesville, Broome 
county, on the Susquehanna river, declaring themselves as possessing the 
keys of the kingdom, and of the dispensation of the fulness of times!﻿Awesome to be able to watch this from so far away. Hope I get to visit 
someday!﻿Beautiful dedication..thank you Elder Nelson for your service and love...:)﻿What a JOY to be able to share in this beautiful dedication. THANK YOU.﻿This is important for the whole world. The priesthood restored has given 
men the authority to perform ordinances acceptable to God.﻿I served an LDS mission in central Pennsylvania in the late 1980s, and was 
privileged to visit the Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Site to witness a 
baptism in the Susquehanna River. I'm so grateful that this special 
location has finally received the attention it deserves!﻿