Holland, remember the CNN interview done to you not too long ago? Why don't 
you explain here on this post comments about the penalties that come 
together with making vows in the Mormon temples including the death. Are 
you mormons or were you performing these penalties on those who fail to 
maintain secret those things you do in the temples?﻿What is Holland doing at The Harvard Law School? Did he graduate from 
there? And if he did, does that make him as humble as JesusChrist is? He is 
not an apostle of the true JesusChrist but perhaps, the Mormon JesusChrist. 
In other words a false apostle and prophet. Open your eyes people; can't 
you see the signs? Jesus`s 2nd coming is much more closer than what you 
think and He will find you in false religions. Wake up! The mormons are 
nothing, but an instrument used by the devil to lead as much people to 
hell.﻿This is a sick attempt at proselytizing an highly intellectual group of 
individuals simply for the sake of validating the church's doctrine which 
is clearly and undeniably false according to the facts of record.﻿I can tell at least one person left because they have a religion of their 
own. Jeffrey R. Holland is my most favorite Apostle.﻿The best missionary discussion, or lesson, I have ever heard. Jeffrey R.﻿I know that Élder Jeffrey R. Holland is an Apostle of Jesus Christ!!! I 
know that, and I'm happy about that testimony! i would like to bear my testimony that i know the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints is the true church on the earth today. I have a knowledge 
of the truthfulness of the gospel. I have started filling out my mission 
papers and am volunteering to serve a two year mission to help spread the 
true gospel of Jesus Christ. I love this church and it has blessed my life. 
I know the Book of Mormon is true. More ! I need More !!!i'd love it very much,please update thanksI'd love to watch the whole video, please can you update it, thanksYou can learn more by checking out mormon.orgI feel the Holy Ghost bear witness of the truth of the Gospel. I'm thankful 
for my testimony!This is my witness also! Christ invites and teaches each of us to read the scriptures, pray 
fervently and attend church. There in we can understand our purpose on 
Earth and how to "focus on Jesus." Might I say that focusing on Christ 
would indefinitely require attending church and reading the scriptures 
which teach the words of Christ. Through doing so I believe and know that 
one will come to more fully understand why and how to have faith in our 
Savior, Jesus Christ.That's why i don't go to church or read my bible cause all i have to to is 
focus on Jesus. is this really what you believe?iam a Mormon in the Spanish branch in Georgia. John 5:11-13 11 And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal 
life, and this life is in his Son. 12 He that hath the Son hath life; and 
he that hath not the Son of God hath not life. 13 These things have I 
written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may 
know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the 
Son of God. Eternal life is in the Son, what He did by dying on the cross 
and rising again on the third day, and nothing else!This is so awesome! loved it. Thanks for sharing. Right on! Love this video. Educational and true.I love listening to Elder Holland! I would give almost anything to be able 
to sit and talk with him face to face.What the heck? Did someone burp at 2:24? How inappropriate is that?Jeffrey appears to be a genuine man and I agree this is a very persuasive 
exegesis of faith. I'm reminded that Jesus was put to death by religious 
leaders, potitcal leaders, and even His closest friends who chose money and 
security over peace. If God's kingdom was as one body on this earth then it 
seems there would be more unity and unconditional love. It seems that 
history demonstrates that our weaknesses render us exploitable. Watch " 
Jesus Knew How To Ride A Bike" here on Youtube. -PeaceHere is the audio of the Q&A:When did Holland give this speech?I want Q&A so bad, or a followup video with responses to his wordsWow, a bold speech for the venue– but also very humble and heartfelt. Elder 
Holland is such a good example of being respectful but bold in sharing the 
gospel :)You can find the audio recording for the Q&A by going to the link in the 
video description. The link is on the right of the video on that page.You can find the audio recording for the Q&A by going to the link in the 
video description. The link is on the right.Audio is at the following link: To me, Elder Holland is one of the most encouraging and inspiring Apostles 
of the Church. Thank you for posting this video. :)There is a hyperlink to the Q&A (audio) listed in the article from the link 
posted in the description under the videoAwesome-isimo.If you haven't found it by now the Q&A portion can be found by clicking the 
link under the video.It is really hard to listen to an authorized apostle and not feel the 
divinity of their calling, one may deny it initially but down inside they 
know something is different about this person.The question and answer can be found on the lds.org website it won't let me 
post a link to itThe question and answer can be found on the lds.org websiteThe Q&A can be found in the link provided by the uploader under "Additional 
Resources."I am a man, dealing with severe depression and I hear and feel the power of 
Elder Hollands words and my heart swells with love and tears of joy fall 
from my eyes, he brings a spirit of hope, love and charity every time he 
speaks. I love and appreciate the powerful testimony and strength this man 
brings into my life. Thanks Elder Holland!You can listen to Q&A here: 
broadcast2.lds.org/newsroom/2012-03-0260-elder-holland-harvard-qanda-64k-eng.mp3You should hear some of his other talks found on lds.org they are amazing! If you click on the link under the video you can link to the audio of the 
Q&A. You can listen to the Q&A on the website linked under the video. There 
isn't video, but there is audio.Thank you so much for posting this! I love to hear Elder Holland speak.I really believe that God has given the Twelve Apostles, and specifically 
Elder Holland, communication talent that allows them to effectively bear 
witness of the Savior to intellectual groups such as would be found at 
Harvard as well as to crowds that are not as sophisticated. It strengthens 
my testimony of the truth of their words. I am not a Mormon, but never have I heard a more powerful or persuasive 
exegesis of the faith. So, where is the rest of the talk and the questions that were asked? I 
thought Elder Holland did a fine job, but I'd like to hear the rest of it. 
Thanks.Elder Holland speaks the truth. I add my witness to his. In Jesus' name.He's a wonderful man. Thank you for posting this Q&A. I wonder what the students thought of his talk.Thank you for posting this. It is great to know about the work the brethren 
do. GO MORMONS!!!!!!!!Brilliant.i likeSo powerful and clear, by one who knows.I think this is a wonderful, concise overview of what Mormonism is and what 
it believes. It effectively explains in what way The Church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-day Saints is a Christian faith, even though it differs in many 
ways from your typical creedal Christian faiths. He does a nice job explaining his religion. thxAwesomeaceJust as powerful and logically sound as are all of Elder Holland's 
addresses. Whatever this man has to say he will have a rapt listener in me. 
Could any of his audience at Harvard or across the world come away from 
such expositions still questioning the Christian authenticity of his 
religion? I love this man...Love itAwesome video! Amen.