While I agree with the Church not supporting or criticizing candidates or 
political leaders, I would like to have more discussion of sound political 
principles than we often have. Such examples could include Exodus 18, 1 
Samuel 8, Mosiah 29, D&C 121, and D&C 134.Democracy, defined by leadership founding government or an ethical fabric 
to establish equality with citizenship? Technology as a tool to communicate 
our democractic values in citizenship thus allowing all citizens to be 
leaders of their communities. Our morals as the fabric of democracy, our 
citizenship as a foundantion which our sense of rational right leads all of 
us. We must all have determinate (precise) decisions in leading our lives, 
else liberalism factualize empirical indeterminancy.Well, I'm only 23, but for as long as I can remember, that's how it's been, 
and it just means that, even though they take a definite stand on moral 
issues such as same-sex marriage or abortion, they don't endorse specific 
people or parties. In my opinion, issues that aren't moral issues really 
don't need to be dealt with by the Church; they're matters of personal 
preference. But the Church teaches moral things, whether or not they are 
major current political issuesI never talk politics in church, but I do not hesitate to talk about 
tenants of the faith and principles of the restored gospel, which either 
parallel or coincide with my own political beliefs. Anyone who really knows 
me in the Ward or church in general will not have a difficult time trying 
to guess or to determine those beliefs, whether they be of the gospel or 
its implications to the current day, political climate.1:19 WIN WITH WIGS!Members who vocalize their mixed political and religious ideologies at 
church hurt other members and make us feel unwelcome. I don't think they 
always realize that they do this but some I know do and just don't care 
because they feel that they stand on the moral high ground.I was glad to hear this, as a fellow member in my ward sent me to this link 
to put a cross his point of view opposing a petition I wished to present to 
other ward members, He censored me and sent me here. What I learned is that 
the MORAL ISSUE I want to bring to light for other ward members.. ie 
abortion or the removing of a Statue of Jesus Christ in the Flat Lands 
National Park by an Atheist group. A free petition to sign.. and like I 
said, he thought this might set me straight. It did. I'm OKI'm LDS and I have been a huge Ron Paul supporter. It really bugs me when I 
hear Romney praised over the pulpit. I think the letter should be read 
every three months from the leadership that encourages people to study out 
the candidates and not just vote for the Mormon. Good video. People always ask if you will support a mormon president 
because you're a mormon. Not so. Rather, you vote for who you think will do 
a better job. I wonder how long the LDS Church will be able to maintian its political 
neutrality. To me, it's not hard to see which side of the political 
spectrum the people who side with the church on moral issues are on.has the church always been politically neutral or is this a recent policy?I like your comment, nevertheless we should take this information for self 
honest critic, not to mash it in other members head.Dale click en cc y luego en traducir escoges tu idioma. No es justo pedir 
todo en la manita ya hecho, hay que hacer un poquito de esfuerzo.True the concept.Interesting to understand, but what about the latins 
people that doesn't understand English.Will love to view it on Spanish 
language :DIf this is true when does BYU invite liberals to speak? I would like to 
hear what Bernie Sanders, Senator from Vermont, has to say. When will BYU 
ask him to speak on health care? This is the problem at the Church School, 
most of the leaders are Republicans that don't believe we should listen to 
the other side. and "getting involved" means more than just studying ballot initiatives and 
candidates--it means getting involved!!! If you can't stomach working 
with/for either "major" political party, there are many orgs out there 
where you can learn to educate and influence local city governments, state 
reps and senators, etc. (JBS, Eagle Forum, C4L, etc.). Don't just sit on 
the couch and think it's enough to "vote" ... think about what Cap'n Moroni 
did in Alma 46 and WHY he did it, and "go and do likewise!"me gustaría que estuviera en el idioma español, también tenemos elecciones 
presidenciales en el 2012!!!Thanks! - from my large Mormon extended family almost equally divided 
between being Democrats, Independents, and Republicans. Well done. Hopefully this can clear up some "myths" about how latter-day 
saints worship. Great artistry as well..This is great! More like this, please.coolGreat video, thanks.nice...Good synopsis to share with those who are curious how the LDS Church is 
politically neutral. Well done. I'm going to vote balds.