Its a masquerade, if look deep into the mormon history that is, but you 
need to be careful what you believe in, yes i know the temples are awsome 
ive actually been to salt lake city (very pretty) , but i was raised a 
lutheran so i wouldnt really understand why the mormons really need to 
build so big that makes other people offended, God alone is the only god 
but the bible is not to be added to.﻿view www.mormon.org﻿There is nothing like being in one of these Temples.﻿I love the Temple!  Wish that there was one here in the city in which I 
live because I would literally be there every single day if there was! 
 I've always felt such peace & comfort in the temple, whenever I've been 
able to get there!  
I pray that any members of the Church who live where there is a Temple will 
see it for the blessing that it can be in their lives & go as often as they 
possibly can!﻿God is everywhere and within all our hearts. Jesus said "behold the kingdom 
of Heaven is within you". 

﻿ Mormon Temples where God and his Angels live. A place Sacred Temple to 
make convents with the Lord﻿The Mexico City temple is now closed, so we have to travel a few hours to 
the nearest one, sometimes the trip gets difficult because Its on an 
unknown city and the bus terminal is far away, but when I see on the 
distance the piancle of the temple, the building full of light, I just feel 
all the traveling has been worth it.
I love the testimony of the family from India in this video. I also can say 
"my family, many blessings, very happy"﻿The fist Temple I visited was two of journey. Now I take two hours to visit 
the Temple. It is a blessing for me to be able to visit the Temple 
frequently. I find peace and spiritual guidance. But the biggest blessing 
of all is to visit the Temple and perform the ordinances therein with my 
lovely wife. Very faith promoting!lovelyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyySo looking forward to the up coming up temple trip! I am so fortunate to 
have celebrated in the Culture Celebration for the Kansas City Temple. Ok ... BeatifulHeaven on earth Awesome video! I love going to temples. On the day after 9-11 (2001), I 
went to the Washington D.C. Temple (I had considered going in to the 
Pentagon on 9-11)...being in that temple brought me great strength, light, 
and peace in what seemed a dark and difficult time...there are so many 
other times going to the House of God has strengthened me, taught me, and 
helped me be a better person...so grateful to be sealed to my wife and 
children, my parents and siblings, for eternity! i am a mormon and i love the temple you just feel the spirtI´m so blessed to attented to Temple with my family. I know by the power of 
God that the Temples is most holiness place in Earth, is really the House 
of the Lord!Beautiful video. It's always wonderful to hear people of other faiths with 
such a deep respect for templesI feel absolutely humbled every time. I am in the temple. My gratitude 
never seems sufficient which I pray most reverently to My Heavenly Father. 
But he still blesses me and gives me further opportunity to serve. The 
temple is close sets to My Lord that I love so much.Temple grounds are also very beautiful and well-kept. It is not uncommon to 
find people on temple grounds reading scriptures, praying or quietly having 
conversation to work through important matters with a partner or friend. 
Saints feel drawn to the temple because we feel God's love most powerfully 
there.God's house the Temple it is a place to be! a Place where we serve again 
and again our ancesters and we can be united for the Time and Eternity as a 
Family. Yes it is a great revelation, discovering and I am so blessed ! 
thanks !I have always loved the Temples and couldn't wait to receive my recommend. 
In 2006 that wish came true. Now, seven years later, I feel honored serving 
in the Temple. May everyone embrace the blessings that come from being 
Temple worthy and visit them often. I have been fortunate to always live within an hour's drive of a temple. I 
have been blessed to serve in temples on four continents. With more than 35 
years of marriage, it is wonderful to look forward to more.I'm a Mormon, and I love going to the Temple! I go as often as I can. I 
really feel like I commune with God and receive of His strength when I am 
there. :)I can feel the spirit from just watching this wonderful video.I Love the peace that exists in the temple. Attending the temple every week 
for the last ten years, I have never heard an obscene or swear word.