good bless everyone, especially the missionaries for spreading the love.﻿What are 1769 King James Version edition errors doing in the Book of 
Mormon? An
ancient text? Errors which are unique to the 1769 edition that Joseph Smith 
owned?
 When King James translators were translating the KJV Bible between 1604 
and 1611, they would occasionally put in their own words into the text to 
make the English more
readable. We know exactly what these words are because they're italicized 
in the KJV
Bible. What are these 17th century italicized words doing in the Book of 
Mormon? Word
for word? What does this say about the Book of Mormon being an ancient 
record?﻿Truly what it means to be missionary of God and our Savior Christ 😃😃 
#onelove﻿"Come on! ye prosecutors! ye false swearers! All hell, boil over! Ye 
burning mountains, roll down your lava! for I will come out on top at last. 
I have more to boast of than ever any man had. I am the only man that has 
ever been able to keep a whole church together since the days of Adam. A 
large majority of the whole have stood by me. Neither Paul, John, Peter, 
nor Jesus ever did it. I boast that no man ever did such a work as I. The 
followers of Jesus ran away from Him; but the Latter-day Saints never ran 
away from me yet...When they can get rid of me, the devil will also go." 
(History of the Church, Vol. 6, p. 408, 409) 
— Joseph Smith: founder, prophet, seer, and revelator of The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.﻿These people must really love the Lord. 2 years of their life they dedicate 
to HIM. I wish my congregation of my church loved the Lord as much in deed 
and not just in words.Thank you for this beautiful message! It's thrilling to know of so many 
young people who love the Lord and want to serve and teach and love their 
brothers and sisters across the world. It truly is a work of love 
and...sacrifice. And...we, their families at home, are greatly blessed as 
we send them off and support them while they are away. It's a work of love 
for us as well. Oh such a great time in My life to give my deep and burning testimony to 
the people in North of France, Luxembourg, belgium in my native language : 
French! Serve serve it is such a good way to learn about yourself an 
others. you become more and more humble!I can't wait to serve my mission!!!I miss my mission sooo much!!!Missionaries mean so much to isolated members! Thank you so much for 
serving!The missionaries are wonderful people!I love seeing missionaries in 3rd world countries. I served in Cleveland so 
its neat to see them outside the country.I love the missionaries