I WISH I HAD BEEN THERE TRIED TO GET TICKETS SO PROUD OF DAVID FANS ALL 
LOVE AND RESPECT DAVIDjust watching this because of archieI'm fallen in love with this conference because of you @DavidArchie!@nurser11 I think for sure to yes..awww i was in a car accident today and while i was waiting on the state 
trooper davids voice calmed me!!!!!If snippet of the Christmas program with David singing is NOT allowed to be 
shown, PBS doesn't realize how preventing theese videos can prevent young 
people to know David had such a spectacular performance with Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir.Looking forward to owning DVD of David Archuleta Christmas program with 
Mormon Tabernacle Choir when it comes out next year, Sept. 2011. I guess I 
have to wait to next Christmas to view David and Choir's performance. The 
small amount of videos I've seen of David singing brought tears of joy. I 
look forward to seeing on tv next year and owning DVD.Check out David singing "The Cat and the Mouse Carol" posted by 
pattycake04. It's not listed in the right side column. type david archuleta 
- Motab -The Cat & the Mouse Carol. David's voice is pure and clear and 
it'll bring a smile to your face. check out David's other Motab Christmas 
videos and enjoy.Bravo! David is such a gentleman. I am sure the fact that he was the 
special guest had a LOT to do with the turn-out. Wish I could have been 
there!what a performance. very good merry x-mas and a happy new year sonia&familyFabulous press conference. You can tell that both David and Michael both 
felt the Spirit as they performed in the Conference Center. I only hope 
that one day I can perform in the same spot. What an honor and blessing. I 
can't wait to see the show.Loved listening to everyone's thoughts on the show, the choir, the 
temple....just the feeling inside of performing there. I'm a fan of David 
Archuleta and feel so proud of him and honored & blessed that he was given 
this opportunity. Thank you. Wish I could be there but didnt get tickets. 
Looking forward to owning the DVD!can we see the preformance on byu tv? 