I hope Andrea becomes a Mormon some day!﻿BeautifulBeautiful! No other words can describe his voice.Is Bocelli singing without a mic??wau!!! andrea bocelli junto al coro del tabernáculo, lo máximo!!I don't think the camera men and woman know how lucky they were to 
experience this live in the theatre.@happycherylc look at my channel. "the lord's prayer" is posted there.The magic of the rehearsals.Right music with right peopleI think it would be great for Andrea Bocelli to be the guest artist at the 
Tabernacle Choir Christmas concert this year (or at least sometime in the 
near future). How incredible would that be? America's Choir + Andrea 
Bocelli = amazing!Thank u sooo much for posting this video!!! It's really cool to see the 
behind the scenes look at records, especially one of this caliber .here's the full performance for those who want to see it: 
/watch?v=TAFj2-u2cGQWhat a gift his voice is to the world! What a great man!!! What a great 
choir!! @happycherylc It's on the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's newest CD: Heavensong. 
It's on iTunes.I love him, but wouldn't like to have him singing "ave maria" in my church!Hello, can anyone tell me what is the﻿ music played in video above (starts 
at 1:00)? /watch?v=V_G_ZRThifMYeah mormon rulez!Grande Andrea Bocelli!! Anche all'organo!!Andrea Bocelli has a very nice voice and I love him. Keep singing Andrea!@happycherylc -there's only 1 video of it and it belongs to 'fastdancer77'its postedHe also did the lord's prayer and I'd like to find that. It was beautiful. 
Where is it? Can someone post it.I am so excited to see the show! Hope the album will be available in the 
Philippines.He said- "It is a pleasure for me to sing with you cause when I heard this 
song with your voices I had the impression that this music came from the 
sky." SO DID I- WOW! Can't wait for the show!!!I'm a big fan of both Foster and Bocelli. Just these behind-the-scenes 
shots sends goose bumps down my back. I can't wait for the special!Just beatiful. I love Andrea Bocelli's voice!I was one of the few that got to sit in the tabernacle and watch this 
taping. It was amazing. Bocelli & Foster were very kind and gracious the 
whole time they were there.will be incredible!!!!!!...can´t wait!!!!!This is going to be the most amazing things EVER done! I can't wait to see 
it or for the DVD!!alguien que lo tradusca al español porfavor..!!!!How did Andrea Bocelli like the Tabernacle's acoustics? Great yes?Wow, I am excited about the final product of this event. I can't wait to 
hear and see the sound of Andrea Bocceli with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. 
And with David Foster in it would be a treat.Che emozione vedere Bocelli col coro del Tabernacolo... non vedo l'ora di 
vedere il video completo...Awesome!!!Oh, The Prayer sounds like it is going to be gorgeous. Definitely looking 
forward to it. Hopefully they can convince Andrea Bocelli to guest for one 
of the Christmas series one of these years.Finally Bocelli sings with the MTC!! My name's Andrea, I come from Tuscany, 
and I am a member of the Church... but I haven't got his voice, sure! Great 
news, indeed.Herzlichen willkommen Andrea Bocelli!I can't wait to see it.OHMYGOSH cooooooool wow they are sooo lucky thanks for sharingLooking forward to watching/listening to this PBS Christmas special! Sounds 
so beautiful!Fabulous!Thanks for postingI thought this combination was a natural relationship. I have always 
admired both of them.Yes!!! I love it! Finally, my two favorites, Foster and Bocelli meets the 
Mo Tab! I can't wait to get this recording! Thank you for sharing!bravo. oh, to have been there. :)lo maximo andrea bocelli con los mejores :D the best o algo asi no hay duda 
q es lo mejorBeautiful!!!!!!!!