Well, I am convert to the Church, and I am sexually attracted to both women 
and men. I am active, faithful, 100% worthy and agree with this change in 
POLICY. It's not a change in DOCTRINE. For some reason loads of people 
think that GOD and members of the Church can't love a person but disapprove 
of the sin. We all have our trails in life that we struggle with. 
Same-gender attraction is one of them. I don't choose who I am sexually 
attracted to (no joke women are gorgeous), but I can choose to control my 
actions. Just my two cents that no one will really care about.﻿+Steve Anderson Sorry to disrupt your lofty condescending thoughts Steve, 
However; there is a third option. Those people that believe in a loving 
Father in heaven that see's the destruction and devastation of his Children 
and how folks like you justify this devilish behavior to use your words. Go 
back and read what you wrote. There are far more scriptures that talk about 
being puffed up in pride and being a hypocrite, than homosexuality. 
Prophets have spoken of that pride, Sodom and Gomorrah was destroyed 
because of the pride of people like you. Yet in some twisted way you think 
it is ok. Where did you learn such vile hatred towards God's children and 
then spin it around with self righteousness. God LOVES all of his children. 
Not only straight irreverent Mormons. If you really believe as you suggest 
that God dismisses all of his children that aren't arrogant Mormons such as 
yourself. You truly have never known God, God is no respecter of persons 
even if you are Mormon. Families are being destroyed and torn apart by 
being told they must chose between their family and friends they have loved 
their whole lives. This does not in anyway only effect children. If you so 
strongly believe in the LDS church, then you also believe these children 
chose these families and their Gay parents in the preexistence. Why because 
when you have the true love of Christ in heaven you love and value 
everyone's life. Do you know remember the war in heaven? Where we fought 
valiantly for our Free agency to have gay parents or gay children or 
friends. Why would a Church that teaches the war in heaven is critical, 
seek to take that free agency away. It makes absolutely no sense that the 
church would contradict their very teaching by saying. Oh it's a lie you 
don't get your free agency we will tell you exactly how you will live. This 
is NOT God's teachings or even the churches own teachings. So there most 
certainly is a third option. It's call the first and second commandment. 
Until you can love people unconditionally you will never see the Glory of 
God. You will never make it the celestial kingdom. God is a God of 
Extremely intelligence. He is not a God of confusion and contradiction as 
you suggest. Do you really think in your examples. God cares more about 5 
million active LDS members more that 2.2 Billion Catholics. Seems very self 
serving and prideful arrogance on your part doesn't it? If you are a father 
and you have a child that is gay and one that is straight. Are you going to 
cast out the gay child or are you going to love them As Christ would 
unconditionally just like the straight child. If those same two children go 
out and commit fornication when they are teenagers. Which has committed the 
grater sin? The straight child or the gay child. I think you know the 
answer to that.﻿Sin is sin christ clearly has given the standard the commandments be 
Heterosexual. Or a homosexual breaking the law is the same i i ho after 
some other women adultering even if i claim that is love , i will be 
disciplined so if you are homosexual and know that it is wrong because God 
did not intend a man with another man thats the law too . but like always 
you guys wanted your way not gods way ,rein terpreting the scriptures to 
your convenience . today you want this tomorrow you homosexuals would want 
to be sealed in the temple with your same sex partner arguing that You are 
being discriminated if not allowed right? If i was a homosexual unhapy with 
the law or as a heterosexual unwilling to obey the laws of the church i 
would find another religion that fit my needs or create my own religion 
.dont try to want the two sides impossible.﻿Why are those in favour of same-sex attraction in relation to marriage & 
religion, so incapable of debating the point with any form of intelligence? 
Why is it, people are more than willing to shout about how God loves 
everyone, but fail to accept that God has also pointed out who we are and 
aren't to have sex with .....

As Peter Hitchens pointed out

16:40 (18:15) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrwuk6NoMv8

*"You make a point and they neither rebut it nor acknowledge it. I don't 
mind they can do either, but as long as they do one, if you make a point 
and they just ignore it, and change the subject as if you never said it, 
then that's not an argument. Arguing with people who don't know how to 
argue is like playing chess with a squirrel, there's no future in it!"*

All i see are weak comments and people who no more know how to create a 
cogent argument in favour for same-sex attraction & religion, than my 
3-month-old nephew.﻿I honestly do not understand why gay Mormons, and their Mormon family and 
friends, do not simply seek out the Community of Christ, formerly known as 
the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints. It is the 
branch of the Mormon faith the followed Joseph Smith's son Joseph Smith III 
instead of Brigham Young. It views Smith as a prophet, and it views the 
Book of Mormon as a holy text. However, it is supportive of gay rights, has 
gay clergy and congregants, and allows it's churches to conduct gay 
marriages should they choose to do so. Why stay in one Mormon sect that 
does not accept and support you when there is one that will accept and 
support you?﻿Mormons are protecting traditional marriage........﻿I should've learn my lesson by now, if I comment I should expect a lot of 
comments back, cause and consequence. Okay, just to make it easier for me, 
you can put your comment under this one, I won't answer any other comments 
done in a different section XD﻿I don't understand why everyone is upset about this policy? The church has 
made it very clear that they do not support the act of same sex marriage or 
same sex couples. If you think about it, if the child does have same sex 
parents, and is baptized into the church. Where the church has clearly been 
against the practice of same sex marriage and same sex couples, it puts the 
child in a very conflicting situation. If you are the parent of that child, 
i highly doubt they would want their child to be baptized. This is clearly 
for the protection of the child. Once the child is old enough, they can 
decide for themselves, like everyone else if they want to join the church. 
It is in no way to discriminate or show hatred to the homosexuality 
community. It is clarifying the stance the church has made, and continues 
to believe. There are good people everywhere, and you choose the path in 
which you decide. I agree with this policy, this has to come from a adult 
to make the choice in which path they decide. I do see that this does 
appear to be "discriminating" against children who have same sex parents, 
but in reality it really is for the protection of the child. I hope that 
makes sense, I don't want to argue or fight with anyone on here, but 
actually think this through before commenting.﻿The LDS church has a long history of whitewashing past events and hiding 
embarrassing things from both its members and the public.  Church finances 
are an extremely closely-guarded secret, and they have amassed many tens of 
billions of dollars.  They do not take kindly to probing questions, even 
from those who are LDS.  Members have been denied attending the 
temple weddings and funerals of loved ones if they are behind in their 
tithing.  Many gay Mormon kids have committed suicide due to the 
horrendous way they have been treated.  In 1978, the change in policy 
regarding blacks was supposedly coming from "God", but just happened to 
occur the exact same week that President Carter threatened the church's tax 
exempt status.  That would be one hell of a convenient coincidence.  
Members are leaving in droves as they do real, thorough research and get 
the facts, which they find to be shocking and appalling.  It's ALL about 
the money with expert use of smoke and mirrors.  I've been told by members 
that the church is perfect, but this is the classic "lie and deny" defense 
and is so full of holes that one could drive a large truck through it.﻿LDS are still liberal and are not standing with the Bible. 

"If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them 
have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their 
blood shall be upon them." - Lev 20:13

"And turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them 
with an overthrow, making them an ensample unto those that after should 
live ungodly..." - 2 Pet 2:6

“Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, 
giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are 
set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.” - Jude 
1:7﻿I appreciate this explanation.﻿I really miss Christopher Hitchens. He would have torn him to shreds.﻿thank you elder chistofferson for this clear and patient answers. There are 
of course many people who do not like them, for they do not have a 
testimony of the truthfulness of the gospal and of our righteous prophets 
in this time and dispensation.﻿What question would you ask regarding the stance the church has taken?﻿A sad day for the Church.﻿equating same sex marriage with polygamy....as both being sinful? Brigham 
Young would be turning in his grave. Old Brigham has more than 50 wives. 
How odd that their mormon god reclassifies HIS law, to comply with mans 
laws in the case of polygamy.....one day polygamy is fine, but when state 
laws threaten your tax exemption, screw Brigham and co, lets make it 
sinful. Yet, when gay marriage beckmes legal, that remains a sin. just cant 
decide when to go with the state laws and when not to? What a fickle god. 
What a hypocrite man.﻿"Intellectual Reserve" Inc.

Bwahahhahahhaha. I only started to learn about the Mormon cult over the 
past few years, I knew religions are dying but I never knew Mor(m)onism 
would die *this* soon.

Y'all had a good run. Time for you to start drinking tea, I guess.﻿"...I have a sense of compassion and sympathy and tender feelings that they 
do. So this policy originates out of that compassion."

If this is the case, how is excluding a child from being baptized going to 
benefit them, especially when they're still allowed to attend? They'll grow 
up to see all of their friends being baptized, becoming deacons and serving 
the sacrament, yet they, themselves, will not be permitted to partake in 
sacrament. Will that not give them the impression that they are not worthy 
of the Lord, that everyone else is somehow better than them?

This has nothing to do with gay marriage. It's an awful step in the wrong 
direction. A child is very impressionable. That fact was acknowledged in 
this video, so, as this has been established as fact, is it not crueler to 
allow the child to attend the Church at all? Doing so would only foster 
resentment and hatred, and that's not what a church is meant to do.

I am in support of gay marriage. Love and let love. That's the God that I 
believe in. That's the God that I can love and follow. Even if I am wrong 
on that matter, and two people of the same sex honouring their love by 
marrying one another and dedicating their life and soul in a partnership to 
a single person is a sin, I cannot accept that anyone's beliefs would 
encourage punishing a child for the sins of their parents.

Please prevent the child from attending the Church to begin with. Give them 
the chance to find their own path. If later on in life they find their way 
back to the Latter Day Saints, it was meant to be. On the other hand, if 
their beliefs take them on a different path, at least they'll have a fair 
chance at finding trust in God in a place that's more accepting. Raising 
them in the Church as second-rate citizens is child abuse.﻿South Park on the Mormons you've got to see it. It's a riot.﻿All sheep are not equal.﻿+Rob Poulson 
His purpose was not to persuade, but merely to explain. The questions and 
answers were appropriate to that purpose.﻿Homophobia, not love, requires discipline.﻿Baptism and ordination to the priesthood are not just "important life 
events". It is a setting where we make covenants. I think this new Church 
policy protects children from feeling a conflict of loyalty between the 
doctrines of the Church, the content of the covenants they would make, and 
how their families are living.﻿Everything boils down to faith in Christ and humility. Let me share with 
you my experience in the same way I would speak to my own brother: We can 
all be arguing for years or even centuries and reach no solid conclusions 
on any policy or doctrine of God...and all conclusions would be based on 
our own logic. Whenever we accept that the things of God are to be 
discerned spiritually and confirmed by the Spirit of truth, then we will 
stop wasting our time and energy trying to prove or disprove what is truth 
by logic, opinion, personal agendas or what it may seem a good cause. Just 
one experience only under the influence of the Holly Ghost can vanish away 
all the reasoning of man. I wish you, all who oppose the Mormon faith or 
its leaders, because you cannot understand that there is a prophet on 
earth, that you will get to the point to exercise faith in Christ, and read 
the Book of Mormon and the words of living prophets with an open heart 
(clean from preconceptions and negative judgments) and then kneel down in 
all humility to ask God with a sincere heart to confirm if these things are 
true and come from Him. Then, and only then, if we meet the requirements of 
being humble enough and ask with an honest heart, having faith in Christ 
the Lord, we will get to know the truth of these things. It may take us 
many attempts, till our hearts are ready to receive. Otherwise, we will be 
abandoned to your own logic and desires (which will always be limited and 
inaccurate, and eventually it will be foolishness when contrasted with 
things as they really are). 


I hope and truly wish we achieve this knowledge sooner than later (so we 
don´t have to discover these truths when we stand in front of the Lord or 
in the other side of the veil and will feel really bad for fighting against 
what we did not know, just because choosing wanting to be right, and 
choosing spiritual darkness over light and truth). And when we reach this 
knowledge, then we will be proclaiming to the world, filled with joy and 
gratitude, the same message the prophets, missionaries, and members of the 
LDS church are sharing with you yesterday, today and tomorrow. You will be 
asking opponents to the Mormon faith or even members of the mormon faith 
who have lost the perspective, and everyone else on this earth that the 
only way to reach truth is to pray with a humble heart so we may know the 
truth from the only source of pure knowledge, God. I know Elder 
Christofferson is a true Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ. I know we have 
living prophets of God. I paid the price to reach this knowledge through 
much praying, fasting, praying, fasting, studying, seeking, asking, 
searching in all sincerity, denying myself from my own personal agenda. If 
you have not reached that knowledge yet, I invite you to pray about it. 
Then, when you know that we have living prophets, you will rejoice for 
that. 


May the Lord bless you all so you may pursue such path of light and truth. 
Your brother, Joaquin.﻿The disgruntled people here are those who "built their house upon the sand. 
The rain has come down and the floods have come up and their house on the 
sand washed away. The wise man built his house upon a rock".﻿If this fellow "did what the Lord commanded," he would follow the golden 
rule and realize that gay people are human beings with families. To condemn 
gay families and their children is unChristian and cruel. This guy is a 
bigot--gays are who they are, and to say somehow their life is sinful is 
nonsense. Shameful. There is a special place in hell for self-centered 
individuals like this. Great that there will be a mass resignation from 
their Church this weekend. I hope more Mormons see the hypocrisy, violence, 
and hatred of their church.﻿wow!! i am purely disgusted!! so unlike of Christ, the Quorum should be 
ashamed of their decision! no wonder why thousands left the Church of J. 
Smith﻿They are't trying to protect the children of gays and lesbians, they are 
trying to protect the children that inside the church FROM the influence of 
gays families. Listen to it in THAT light and it ALL makes sense.﻿When the adulteress was brought before Jesus, he didn't draw a line in the 
sand.... he doodled in it. Throw the first stone if you will LDS throw your 
stones. ;)﻿So as I suspected all along, Nothing has changed. This is a cult that is 
Evil Veiled in Piety Period﻿The perspective of one active Latter-day Saint

I have been deeply saddened by the many misled and misleading comments that 
have been made in response to the policy changes of the LDS Church 
regarding same-sex marriage and custodial children. Hearts of good people 
are broken, and that breaks my heart. Certainly, these events are a trial 
of faith for many people. Trials of faith can lead us closer to God—or, if 
we let them, they can distance us from Him. The outcome is up to us. 

Opposition to these policy changes—ironically, even among people who 
disregard the LDS Church—has been unmistakable. Nevertheless, the rightness 
of the policy and the truthfulness of the principles involved are 
independent of personal belief and opinion. We know that "the natural man 
receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness 
unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned" 
(1 Corinthians 2:14). Also, God said, "For my thoughts are not your 
thoughts, neither are your ways my ways" (Isaiah 55:8). 

We have read and heard many arguments that the new policies are unjust or 
even hateful. Nevertheless, we know that God "doeth not anything save it be 
for the benefit of the world" (2 Nephi 26:24). For many people, greater 
faith is required to sense the mercy and love that are the foundation of 
the changes. 

How are the policies founded in love and mercy? 

First, I will refer to homosexuals who obtain marriage status. On a number 
of occasions, we learn in the Book of Mormon that when the people forsook 
their covenants and rebelled against God, the promised land was "cursed for 
their sake." Their prosperity and, more importantly, their ability to 
propagate grievous sins through the generations were hindered—often through 
famine, natural disasters, war, and so forth. These kinds of calamities 
functioned much like a flame retardant for these people—a mechanism to 
prevent the corruption and corrosion from progressing intergenerationally. 
The new LDS Church policies regarding homosexual marriage are also much 
like a flame retardant. God has “cursed” the marriage of homosexuals “for 
their sake.” 

To God, His children's companionship with Him in the eternities and their 
ability to become as He is are much more important than their often 
misguided pursuits of self-gratification. In fact, God's greatest goal—His 
work and His glory—is that we become like Him and our Mother—divine 
individuals whose very existence is characterized by Their Parenthood. 
Homosexual relations can never result in the kind of Parenthood that 
characterizes God, and God's perfect manifestation of love—a guided path by 
which we can become as He is—does not include homosexual relations. 
Further, God did not "create" homosexuality—instead, it is the product of a 
fallen and imperfect world in which weakness, illness, brokenness, and 
eventually death afflict us all. All things that prevent us from being like 
God are the result of this fallen state. And we—not God—are solely 
responsible for this state. He gave us agency, but He does not dictate our 
exercise of it. And to suppose that homosexual relations are good or right 
just because they reflect some people’s natural dispositions is to suggest 
that virtually all behaviors should be deemed acceptable, without regard to 
their immediate or long-term consequences.

Understanding homosexual marriage in the context of its effects on eternal 
trajectories and the progress of God’s work of salvation can help to 
provide justification for identifying this practice as apostasy. 
Classifications of apostasy are instituted to provide an unmistakable 
distinction between the path that can lead us back to God and the many 
other paths that exist. Such distinctions are particularly important when a 
behavior that leads us away from God receives widespread public or legal 
support. In this kind of situation, God prevents the broad acceptance of 
such behavior from corrupting and weakening His Church from within by 
classifying the behavior specifically as apostasy. This classification 
clarifies to people of the world that homosexual relations preclude full 
participation in the LDS Church, and it clarifies to members of the LDS 
Church that such relations make one unworthy of full fellowship in the 
Lord's kingdom on earth and unworthy of entrance into His kingdom after 
this life. In this way, the new policies enhance our ability to exercise 
agency by illuminating the true nature of two paths whose distinction is 
blurry to many people—including some members of the LDS Church—but which 
are nevertheless very distinct in the eyes of God. Thus, the new policies 
give light and direction to those who have not yet become convinced that 
they should forsake homosexual behaviors, and it prevents those in the LDS 
Church who might be proponents of such behaviors and lifestyles from 
spreading their influence among other members of the LDS Church. The bottom 
line is that the new policy changes illustrate God’s efforts to entice His 
children to choose behaviors that can allow them to feel comfortable in His 
presence. Those who have engaged in homosexual relations have an 
unmistakable invitation to bring their lives back into harmony with God’s 
path. The policy is an act of love. It’s an act of mercy. 

Now I will address the implications for adoptive children of homosexual 
couples. When someone is repeatedly taught that the lifestyle of his or her 
homosexual parent or adoptive parents—a lifestyle that might be easily 
misconstrued as good—will lead to severe and potentially eternal negative 
consequences, the resultant intense internal conflict that involves having 
to choose between two fundamentally important sources of identity might 
cause permanent psychological and emotional damage for many children and 
adolescents. These implications and the threat of family conflict and 
disruption have already been spoken of by Elder Christofferson and others. 

Another important consequence of these policy changes as they pertain to 
children is worth noting. As I implied before, homosexual marriage is 
different from murder, child abuse, and rape—which virtually no one 
suggests are "good" or "appropriate" behaviors—and therefore which do not 
pose a threat of widespread apostasy WITHIN the LDS Church. Homosexual 
marriage, on the other hand, has received a tremendous amount of public 
support and now legal support. A rapidly growing number of people associate 
homosexual marriage with love, fidelity, understanding, belonging, and 
other ideals that are virtually universally accepted as “good”—including 
among members of the LDS Church. Accordingly, when not considered in a 
perspective that involves the guidance of a Divine Father in Heaven, the 
creation of eternal families, and the process of becoming like God, 
homosexual marriage can easily appear acceptable or even desirable. 
However, because it is—in the reality of our eternal existence—an 
institution that halts and even reverses one’s progress toward God, 
classifying the behavior as apostasy is, again, essential to provide a 
clear and renewed distinction between two paths that for an increasing 
number of people in the world are virtually indistinguishable. 

How do these principles apply to the circumstances of children who are in 
the custody of a biological parent involved in a homosexual relationship or 
the custody of two adoptive same-sex parents? The widespread appeal of 
homosexual marriage—and the consequent growing multitude of children and 
youth who condone or encourage it—could lead to generalized apostasy WITHIN 
the LDS Church. Such a process would involve a tragic paradigm shift away 
from eternal truth that could change the entire identity of the LDS Church 
and generate a period of disintegration as sweeping as the forms of 
internal apostasy that led to the complete falling away of Christ’s ancient 
Church. Just as continually broadening the definition of marriage has made 
the institution virtually meaningless, making accommodations in the LDS 
Church for the endless array of deviant behaviors that some people condone 
would destroy the very identity of the Church. This threat of widespread 
apostasy within the LDS Church is perhaps the greatest justification for 
not permitting full participation of children of homosexual custodial 
parents. In other words, the new policies are, in effect, prolonging the 
life and protecting the purity and integrity of the LDS Church and its 
doctrine and mission. Without the policy changes, affected children and 
adolescents might otherwise never have an option to join the LDS Church as 
we know it, even when they reach age 18. The new policies ensure that the 
LDS Church will remain intact, pure, consistent, and dependable for both 
the immediately affected children and youth and their posterity. They 
ensure that the Church will remain a stable vehicle for carrying out God’s 
work of salvation.

In sum, the new policies regarding homosexual marriage and custodial 
children perform a number of important functions, all of which are 
manifestations of the love of God for His children.

• First, they illuminate the distinction between two paths that are 
becoming less and less distinguishable to most people in the world but that 
are nevertheless very distinct in their acceptability before God and in 
their eternal consequences.

• Second, they serve as an invitation for those who have considered or have 
already chosen a path that distances them from God to bring their lives 
back into harmony with God’s laws.

• Third, they protect dependent children and youth from deep and poignant 
internal psychological conflict and intense family disruption that can 
result from having to choose between the two fundamentally important 
sources of identity.

• Fourth, they protect the purity and integrity of the LDS Church and its 
mission and doctrine, so that the organization can persist into future 
generations and continue as a vehicle of salvation.﻿it's interesting to see, so much confusion, so much hate and so many 
opinions and yet not a leg to stand on.... I'm a man of color and 
understand the reason why it took till 1978 to get the priesthood, I have 
grown up with Gay Uncle's who have more a father figure to me then most... 
I've had the privilege to serving a mission and help people with Same 
gender attraction join the church and are now married in the temple... and 
when see this video an apostle of the Lord speaking, I feel the spirit. I 
understand that this is God's church not man's and this is what is put in 
place for a reason... there is nothing wrong with having genuine questions 
about such a topic or any topic but how we came to know this church is of 
God is the same way we can find out if this is revelation of man or 
Revelation from God... it's so simple that we can miss the very essence of 
Heavenly Father's plan..﻿Elder Christopherson...  Tell me that God has actually talked to you 
physically about this subject or any other and I will listen...  Not the 
still small voice - but an actual  apostle of God that has heard from 
him... You know you will not say that, and I am disappointed...﻿I am as heterosexual as it comes...   Show me one GA who actually says God 
said to them to make this ruling...   I have looked and searched for an 
actual statement from a GA who says God has come to him physically and made 
a statement since JS time and I cannot find one...  Please help me find 
one...﻿The Church could have not allowed any comments on this video. But, they are 
permitting people to express their thoughts. Let's see just how many of 
those comments are not just outright attacks against the Church.﻿Those who oppose this policy stubbornly place their emotions above the will 
of God. It's much that same as with those who feel justified in breaking 
any other of God's commandments. We were born into a world of various 
self-destructive temptations. In His wisdom, God warned us not to succumb 
to these temptations by giving us His commandments and other advice through 
His prophets. Those who think they are wiser than God will be sadly 
disappointed in the end.﻿So its okay to perform baptisms on behalf of dead Nazis but not to baptize 
the living children of gay couples. . . .?﻿So, children are being tortured in Palestine. Genocide in Syria and Iraq. 
Climate change is destroying the planet. Most of the world goes to bed 
hungry. And this lot make a change to their hand book about how people 
should love each other and more important, who they should love. Wow. Of 
course Mormons are not alone in their distorted priorities completely out 
of touch with their supposed saviour.﻿Even Jesus taught things that caused outrage and caused people to stop 
following Him. Doubt your doubts before you doubt your faith.

60 On hearing it, many of his disciples said, “This is a hard teaching. Who 
can accept it?”

61 Aware that his disciples were grumbling about this, Jesus said to them, 
“Does this offend you? 62 Then what if you see the Son of Man ascend to 
where he was before! 63 The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for 
nothing. The words I have spoken to you—they are full of the Spirit[a] and 
life. 64 Yet there are some of you who do not believe.” For Jesus had known 
from the beginning which of them did not believe and who would betray him. 
65 He went on to say, “This is why I told you that no one can come to me 
unless the Father has enabled them.”

66 From this time many of his disciples turned back and no longer followed 
him.

67 “You do not want to leave too, do you?” Jesus asked the Twelve.

68 Simon Peter answered him, “Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words 
of eternal life. 69 We have come to believe and to know that you are the 
Holy One of God.”﻿Christofferson: "That was the Savior’s pattern. He always was firm in what 
was right and wrong. He never excused or winked at sin. He never redefined 
it. He never changed His mind."

Christofferson a few minutes later: "Anyone coming out of a polygamous 
setting who wants to serve a mission, it has to be clear that they 
understand that is wrong and is sin and cannot be followed. They disavow 
the practice of plural marriage."

If sin is never redefined then how come polygamy was OK in the Church's 
early history but is sin now?﻿Even by Christian standards, Mormons were always unique in their cruelty to 
gay people.﻿"The lord has never changed his mind." 1978 *cough cough*﻿Then why do kids still get baptized who's parent(s) don't personally 
believe in the church, who are NOT married, who have murdered, raped 
someone, choose anything contrary to the church? Doesn't this fall under 
the same category as "difficulties/challenges/conflicts?" Please, anyone?﻿Then why do kids still get baptized who's parent(s) don't personally 
believe in the church, who are NOT married, who have murdered, raped 
someone, choose anything contrary to the church? Doesn't this fall under 
the same category as "difficulties/challenges/conflicts?" Please, anyone?﻿another blow against innocent lgbt members in the war against the lgbt 
community.﻿Add me to the long list of people formally resigning from the church in 
response to this bigotry.﻿All the Mormons are doing is trying to prevent a influx of pro-homosexuals﻿Heavenly Father, Loving everyone since 1978..........well almost﻿My sister has left this religion because it's just now spreading hate. They 
also wouldn't allow her to go to the temple because she fell on hard times 
and couldn't afford to pay tithing. I left a long time ago. They are losing 
members all of the time. It's a sick thing to hate people you have never 
met. I encourage all members to look up the mormon church on NON LDS sites. 
Listen to what others are saying and choose for yourself if this hateful 
religion is really for you.﻿Religion. A way to hate people you have never met.﻿All of the people crying that they're leaving the Church because of this, 
who are you kidding? We all know you weren't committed to begin with, and 
would have ended up leaving sooner or later. 

And don't you dare say this is about the children, you're just trying to 
feel self righteous over this. Why didn't you leave for the children of 
polygamist families? They've been dealing with this same policy for a 
while, and I bet this affects them more than children of SSM, since most of 
them live in Utah and come from religious households.﻿One of the best days of my life was when I realized this kind of 
sugar-coated hatred was not actually coming from God.﻿fewer people in the mormon church is good! its just a made up fairy tale by 
a con artist﻿All questions were pre-chosen by the Brethren and the interview was 
conducted by a member of the LDS Church's PR department. This interview 
would have never happened unless it had been exposed by Progressive Mormons 
working inside the LDS Church and "apostates" working outside the Church in 
order to hide the identities of the whistle-blowers that are still members. 
It is no longer possible for the Brethren to make policy changes behind 
close doors or withhold information from the membership.﻿Everyone is completely missing the point. Here's a great explanation from a 
gay Mormon 
http://gaymormonguy.blogspot.com/2015/11/waiting-on-lord-same-sex-adoption.html?m=1
﻿I've made this point with several individual posters and one poster 
suggested I post this as a separate comment rather than just a response so 
that others can read it.

The points made by many posters that are critical of the LDS church's 
decision to delay name blessings and baptism until 18 years of age contain 
a logical flaw that readers should be alerted to.

There are only two positions aren't there? 

1. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is exactly what it says 
it is--namely the only true and living on the face of the earth, the only 
church to contain the fulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the only 
church to contain the priesthood of God with the power to seal families 
together forever in eternity, and the only church to offer the ordinances 
necessary to allow individuals to walk back into the presence of God the 
Father and His son Jesus Christ.

or....

2. It is a false church founded by the devil designed to lead people away 
from heaven and consign them to hell and damnation for all eternity, 
forever shut out of the presence of the Father and the Son, to be subject 
to the devil and his minions forever.

There is no third option. The Church is either of God or the devil.

Therefore, why on earth would anti-Mormon individuals be upset with the 
Church's recent announcement of delaying name blessings and baptism until 
18 years of age if they believed (as they surely do) that it is a FALSE 
church? Why would they want children baptized into a false church founded 
by the devil and designed to deny people of salvation for all eternity? 
Wouldn't a more logical position be for these anti-Mormons to applaud this 
announcement? 

Unless....they actually, deep down believe the LDS Church IS what it claims 
to be, in which case their concern, while misguided, would at lease make 
sense. It is completely ridiculous for these so-called "Christians" to be 
angry that children can't join the church of Satan.

If I read that the Catholic church (which I believe is a false, man-made 
organization) was denying baptism for children until they reached the age 
of 18, I would rejoice at that news since I would feel that now these 
children wouldn't be indoctrinated with what I consider false doctrine.

Therefore, all of these anti-Mormons, if they choose to express anger over 
the LDS's church announcement are really admitting one of two things:

1. They believe the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the only 
true and living church on the face of the earth

or...

2. They WANT to see children baptized into the church of the devil and be 
denied salvation for all eternity.

There is no third option.﻿This policy is a punitive, reactionary backlash against same sex marriage 
taken by church leaders without the common consent of the membership and 
against church's established doctrines regarding baptism. This policy is 
unchristian, cruel and mean spirited. There is no rational for equating 
polygamy with same sex attraction or for labeling all gay couples as 
"apostates". There is no doctrinal basis for excluding innocent children 
from church membership and there is no kindness or love behind this policy, 
no matter what Elder Christofferson says. This is about casting the first, 
and the last stone at those the church leaders view as sinners and making 
sure that openly gay couples get the message that they have no place in the 
Mormon church.﻿Another PR nightmare for the LDS Church. It's said bad news comes in 3's. 
PR nightmare #1 stone in the hat (Book of Mormon was channeled-creepy), PR 
nightmare #2 (polyandry, polygamy, and pedophilia -those darn young wives), 
and now this homosexual handbook issue. It's tough running a multinational 
corporate church. Just more and more layers of non-transparency.﻿The LDS 'church' is a complete hoax and only a member or a moron can fail 
to see what any objective observer can see. It's history is rife with 
fraud, deception, lies and criminal activity that only the most ignorant of 
supporters can defend. Fortunes have been made in the longest running con 
game in human history and the LDS church is certainly no exception. The 
'god' these so-called leaders really worship is money and an estimated $100 
billion fortune has been amassed on the backs of tithe payers.﻿The LDS Church's defense of this policy is based upon the idea that the 
Church doesn't want to create conflict between the children and their 
parents. I believe that this is an accurate description of their 
motivations.

The problem with it is that it is utterly ignorant to assume that this 
"helps" reduce such conflict in any conceivable manner. Consider the case 
of many of my gay Mormon friends who are divorced, with children form their 
previous mixed orientation marriages (75-90% of which end in divorce 
incidentally). Some small percent of those divorces were amicable, and they 
co-parent. Shouldn't the Church want to promote the amicability of such 
divorces from mixed orientation marriages? Or do they WANT to create 
conflict? Now the still Mormon straight spouse has to insure that they get 
sole custody of the kids, in order for them to get baptized and fully 
participate in the LDS Church. If they let them spend any time living with 
their gay parent, they suddenly can't get baptized, get the priesthood, or 
participate fully in the LDS Church. There is nothing I could imagine more 
perfectly designed to create family conflict and strife!

The result of this policy is NOT going to be to reduce family conflict in 
any way. It's going to ratchet up the conflict unimaginably! I have already 
seen it do so in the lives of people I know. Consider the implications of a 
policy like this on the lives of such people as Sarah Irish Nicholson, or 
Marchet Butler, or Taliatha Palmer Holmes, or Nick Literski, or Tiffany 
Hales, not to mention the lives of their children!

The whole "protect the family from contention" defense of the policy just 
doesn't make any sense. People under the age of 18 already need their 
parent's permission to be baptized. So presumably this new policy only 
comes into play if the parents are willing to let the child get baptized. 
Therefore the result for this policy is that when the parents are willing, 
and the child is willing, the Church still is not willing.... at least it's 
not willing if the parent's are in gay relationships! Of course, if the 
parents are serial murderers, then it's all fine. But if they are in 
committed gay relationships... no go for the kid.

I can't see the benefit in that. Nor does the "we don't want to drive a 
wedge between parents and child" make any sense at all in the only 
situation where this policy matters.

Also consider, if the gay parent is promiscuous, and sleeps around, with a 
different partner every night... well... the Church is fine with that, at 
least when it comes to whether or not the child can get baptized. But if 
the parent settles into a gay marriage, or a committed cohabitation... 
nope.... sorry... child can't get baptized. It's as if they WANT to fight 
against the family, against committed lasting relationships for gay people! 
You can't encourage that sort of thing and continue to claim that you 
support the family and marriage.

This is just a continuation of the LDS war on the families of others who 
look different from themselves.

Seriously. This is the most ridiculous, ignorant, and ill conceived attempt 
at "reducing conflict" that I think I have ever seen in my life.

Evil need not be done with malicious intent. In fact, it rarely is. Most 
evil is done with the very very best of intentions. This is one of those 
situations. The policy is pure evil, and will do nothing but create 
heartache and misery for the people involved.﻿The leaders of the church who we happen to call Prophets: Seers and 
Revelators, should be praying to God to receive answers to the more 
important issues of our time such as hunger among children; genocide; 
endless wars; natural disasters affecting millions of people etc... but 
instead they get busy changing meaningless policies that only make things 
worse for a few people. Are they Prophets and Revelators or not?﻿It comes down to whether this change in policy was given by revelation from 
God or it is just another "men" created idea. I don't think God is going to 
spend time telling our leaders not to baptize children's whose parents are 
gays, especially when so much more going on in the world that is affecting 
the lives of billions of people.﻿are you being serious? The document leaked and they don't even have a real 
journalist do the interview, he is a paid PR representative. They clarified 
almost nothing in the document. As the religion goes in a more 
fundamentalist direction it is going to continue to avoid the press and 
ignore serious inquiry. They pulled this same exclusion with black people 
and it backfired. This will backfire too. Hate is a mental illness man.﻿This policy takes away same sex parental choice. What if both are baptized 
active members and consent to their adopted childs baptism? In the churches 
way, a straight boy will have to wait til 18 while his peer group are 
baptized, hold the priesthood and they will be excluded, simply because 
their parents are a homosexual or lesbian couple? What if you had 2 
straight parents who were both serial adulterers? Or worse still, serial 
killers? I guess thats OK?﻿No there is no parallel between Polygamy & Same Sex Marriage - One is an 
INCLUSIVE contract and involves 3 or more the other EXCLUSIVE between 2 - 
Same sex marriage is paralleled with opposite sex marriage - they are both 
exclusive with the same unique position of the spouse﻿The purpose of the policy is to protect the children. It wouldn't be fair 
for small children to have to decide between their parents and the church. 
God stated his purposes for men and women in Genesis chapters 1 to 2. "So 
God Created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male 
and female created he them. And God blessed them, and God Said unto them, 
Be fruitful, and multiply... Therefore shall a man leave his father and his 
mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh."﻿I was very grateful for the CLARITY that this change has brought to the 
situation. Of course this is offensive to those who thought things were 
going in another direction, but this makes it clear that the doctrines 
don't change, the 20+ year old Proclamation on the Family is still strong 
as ever (of course it is!). Every child is entitled to a Father and a 
Mother, DOCTRINE. And marriage is defined as a sacred union between a man 
and a woman. Just like the Bible stated. Nothing has changed in the eyes of 
the Lord.﻿Thank you for explaining so clearly! We love and support our leaders :)﻿4:00 - you mislead and misdirect people all the time. The mormon church has 
been hiding facts from members and non-members for years. They only began 
to release sugar coated information about the church's history and black 
marks because they had no other choice, it was already all over the 
internet. The truth always comes out though. Many members are angry and 
frustrated, and rightly so.﻿This sounds very confusing - on the one hand the ministry condemns same sex 
marriages but at the same time wants to be prepared to 'bless' anyone and 
everyone irrespective of sexual preference. That said, much of the 
teachings of all churches are barking at the moon.﻿Many infomercials these days are also built to have the outward appearance 
of being a press interview.﻿I know these men are called of God. I know that they are Prophets, Seers 
and Revelators. What they say is what God says. If you have a problem with 
it take it up with God instead of hating on everyone else. Stop trying to 
shoot the messenger.﻿I really do not think a same sex married couple is going to be actively 
going to the LDS church every week. they do not live the doctrine. right? 
why would they want their children to be baptized into a faith they don"t 
believe in enough to follow?﻿it is very clear and plainly explained that church membership is not being 
denied to anyone, not at all. All the blessings of the Gospel will be 
avaliable when those kids are mature enough and completely free to conceive 
a family according to the teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ, and 
understand that before the Lord marriage is only between woman and men.﻿It sounds like our detractors here either didn't listen carefully to this 
message from Elder Christofferson, or are not familiar with Christ's 
teachings in the New Testament. There should be compassion for all AND a 
firm stance against sin. Compassion-for-all includes not introducing 
tension into an impressionable young person's home by instilling a belief 
system in them that contradicts what they're taught by their parents.﻿Disgusting﻿I was sad to see so many hateful comments on this video. Please let there 
be civility from both sides on this issue so we can live together in peace 
and have mutually respectful dialogues.﻿What would really protect young children would be to delay baptism and 
other promise-makings until legal adulthood. An eight-year-old child, 
whether or not she still believes in Santa Claus is not in a position to, 
nor is legally permitted to sign a contract, much less make an eternal 
covenant, real or imagined. 

Thus, this policy of prohibiting the making of binding covenants and 
directing it at children of gay parents, polygamous parents, and Muslim 
parents, etc., is not about protection, it's simply about control. If you 
truly cared, you wouldn't need to ostracize some members of your community, 
you would apply wisdom equally, thus eliminating bias.

Remember 1978 and and the 5th of November, 2015. The outcomes are and will 
be the same. Please Mormon leaders, stop being on the wrong side of history 
in matters of social policy. Be like the Jesus you profess to represent. 

Be the first to embrace and accept, not the last. And make your embrace 
real, not this policy-laden sophistry.﻿Solid, well said Elder Chistofferson. Obviously we need to confirm our own 
testimony of this and not just take his word for it. I do believe he is 
called of God and that his intentions are pure. The Church is directed by 
Jesus Christ, not by man.﻿Same sex marriage is the sin. hmmmmmmmm interesting. I thought the act of 
sex outside of marriage was the sin. you know fornication or adultry. OK, 
and not sure how the act of the parent should impact the child of the 
sinner. If I am an adulterer, my kids should be punished for my sin?  
Hmmmmmmm ok﻿Regardless of whoever would've or will interview Elder Christifferson or 
any of the leaders of the LDS church the answers would be the in the same 
context of understanding, not only does this make sense but following this 
and understanding it is more of a reflection of our faith in God's will and 
his calling of prophets and apostles of this day. I sustain the prophets 
and apostles.﻿1:Homosexual behavior and other sexual perversions are an abomination- 
Leviticus 18,
The wrath of God rests on those guilty of murder, homosexual practices, 
fornication, and other sins if the guilty do not repent.- Romans 1:1. So 
why are other "Christian " Churches attacking the LDS Church? 
2: People want church and state separated. And now they complain that 
church isn't like state? I am a member of the Church of JESUS CHRIST of 
Latter Day Saints. I believe in Christ, I believe Joseph Smith is a 
prophet, and I believe the Book of Mormon is the words of God. I say this 
in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.
PS If you don't like what I said well that's your right.﻿To those of you who insist that Christ would never ask people to wait to 
receive his gospel I point you to Matthew 10:5 where he forbid the teaching 
of the gospel to the gentiles....it wasn't until after the the death of 
Jesus Christ that Peter was commanded by God to take the gospel to the 
gentil nations (Acts 10: 11-28) Sometimes God requires our faith even when 
he asks things that we do not at the present time understand. (see Isaiah 
55:8-9) These children are not being denied anything....they are being 
allowed to wait until they are old enough to make the decison.﻿Wolfs in sheep's clothing twisting the words of Jesus who said suffer not 
the little children and forbid them not to come unto me. Matt. Joseph Smith 
Jr.in his articles of faith said in Article 12 " We believe in being 
subject to kings, presidents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, 
honoring, and sustaining the law. They contradict themselves again...and 
article 2 " We believe that men will punished for their own sins, and not 
for Adams transgression. And again...What a tangled web we weave when first 
we practice to deceive. Wake up sheeple!!﻿Wow 1000 likes? Yeah prob all Mormons﻿That church should lose its tax exempt status﻿Jesus wept. What a merciless policy. Anathema!﻿gross﻿So thankful that I wasn't born into a Mormon family.  Equally as thankful 
that I have the good sense to not ever join them.﻿What a blessing it is to live on the earth in a day and age when there is 
an organization that stands for what is right; that doesn't shift its 
values with the passage of time; that doesn't alter its standards to fit 
public opinion; and that declares without blinking the gospel of Jesus 
Christ as it has been revealed to man on earth through prophets. How 
refreshing to see a religion that actually knows what it believes, stands 
up for what it believes, and lovingly declares what it believes without 
hedging, apologizing, or diluting the truth. A ship with a sail AND a 
rudder that follows the direction it is traveling in spite of criticism, 
negativity, and falsehoods. We live in a great age.﻿It's simple the LDS Church is all about the traditional family and those 
principles that creates the traditional family and traditional marriage 
there is no hate or discrimination it's simply gods laws.﻿I agree with Brother Christofferson.﻿There's a big difference between homosexuals and polygamists.

For one, Mormonism wasn't founded by homosexuals.﻿If I was a kid affected by this then I'd not bother joining. Any church or 
religion requiring someone to disavow their parents isn't worth the 
trouble.﻿I always appreciate hearing from Elder Christofferson, who uses such 
clarity.﻿Life is so much better without religion. Free yourself, don't let evil 
people like this own your mind. You don't need them to lead a good and 
moral life. They often stand in the way of doing just that.﻿Amen and AMEN!﻿The spirit is not present while Elder Christofferson is making his 
judgement here! He says the church doesn't change? What is he talking 
about? This sounds exactly like what the Church said about Interracial 
marriage, they are protecting the children because neither the whites nor 
the blacks would accept the children of mixed raced marriage and the 
children will be made to feel uncomfortable. Fast forward to today mixed 
race marriage is common through out the world and the church is now silent 
on the subject. Because they want that non Christian Judgement to go away! 
Same thing with Blacks in the priesthood they were unworthy and not welcome 
in the priesthood until 1978, They changed, now they want that part of 
their history to magically go away!

Polygamy it is God's law do it whether you want to or not it is a 
commandment., Wait it is against the law now so it is no longer a 
commandment and you will be disciplined for practicing, don't do it. The 
gay thing is the exact opposite, it was illegal now it is legal and they 
say just because it is a secular law, doesn't mean it God's law. Yet they 
still teach Polygamy will be practiced in the next life. The contradictions 
are incredibly difficult to understand, especially when Elder 
Christofferson says the church doesn't change. He does realize he is a liar 
right? History is repeating it'self yet again, the Church really makes one 
wonder if they are actually listening to God or are they listening to the 
great deceiver and divider the prince of Darkness. God taught free agency 
and love. Lucifer taught do as I say and do not question it, I will tell 
you exactly how to live your life and you will like it. In the last days 
even the very elect shall be deceived. Anyone with average intelligence can 
believe that the leaders of the church are being deceived! Thou shalt not 
lie Elder Christofferson, your comments have nothing to do with love. Don't 
justify yourself into believing they do. You know where justification gets 
you. You are supposed to be a light unto the world, Not deep darkness and 
to say it is done out of love for the children is truly disgraceful and 
disgusting. How many more people are going to have to die, before the 
Church wakes up? The highest teenage pregnancy rate, the highest suicide 
rate. The highest rate of people on antidepressants. People around the 
world are starving and dying on a daily basis and the Church spends over 5 
Billion dollars on the great a spacious City Creek Mall in Salt Lake City. 
Spending church money on the ways of the world and condoning open business 
and the selling of alcohol on Sunday is in no way following your own 
teachings. Those sins are ok. Yet the Church is more concerned about a 
family loving each other. When there's love at home, not only applies to 
heterosexual Mormon couples but to All of God Children!. Honestly isn't it 
about time to put to rest all the evil contention and the things these old 
men were taught by their judgmental, mean spirited and hateful parents. 
They learned it somewhere. There is a reason God and Christ Tell us to be 
liken unto that of a child. A child loves unconditionally and just loves, 
Gay, straight, upside down or backwards people. They don't care what color 
a person's skin is, their race, nationality or even whether a person is a 
Mormon. They just love and why? Because they just left their loving Father 
in Heaven and haven't been corrupted by these evil Church men that teach 
them how to hate and divide God's children because someone was born 
different then them. Maybe the Church is protecting the Children in that 
regard, If the child stays away and doesn't become a member. Maybe they 
won't put the dirty little lies in children's heads that it is ok to Judge, 
discriminate and hate and worst of all do it in the name of Christ and 
love. It is disgusting, God and Christ must surely be disappoint in the the 
Church!

Why is it it is ok for them to say Gay people are sinning all the while 
they are being hypocrites by sinning themselves. Why doesn't the church 
post a link for all those people to have their names removed from the roles 
of the church, that ought not to be on those roles anymore? Or are they 
going to round up 11 million members that are inactive have left the church 
or have died and excommunicate all of them? They say you can't round up 11 
million illegal immigrants in the US. How does the church plan to round up 
11 million members world wide and excommunicate them? The answer is they 
won't, because they love an thrive on lying and saying they are 15 million 
members strong and growing and the fastest growing Church. Which is simply 
a lie, When you have people leaving in record numbers and in droves. You 
can not say you are growing. That would be like saying a boat with a hole 
in it isn't sinking. Very shameful! Time to wake up and start taking care 
of the Church family rather that disavowing God's Children. Come unto 
Christ all ye that are heavy laden. Being gay would seem to me that it 
doesn't get more heavy laden than that. He doesn't teach turn people away 
that you don't agree with. It seems the light of Christ in the LDS church 
is going very deem. Please pray and pay the power bill!﻿I still disagree, you may aswel be saying, your not welcome to our church 
if you have homosexual family members all together, as a member of our 
church, I feel like you are punishing the children for their parents 
sexuality, all you are doing is pushing young innocent children away from 
having faith in Jesus Christ and heavenly father, I think heavenly father 
has given yous the wrong end of the message in all fairness, fairness for 
all my ass..﻿President Monson has also said to follow the commandments. Love thy 
neighbor as thy self. Yet they are in no way loving their gay neighbors, 
dividing families is not love and is a contradiction to Families are 
Forever and Family isn't it about time. President Monson has said Love one 
another even as I have loved you, yet he doesn't love gay people the same 
way as heterosexual people. God teaches he is no respecter of persons how 
has the LDS church chosen to ignore that simple truth? And go against God's 
teachings. President Monson has said follow the Articles of Faith. Yet it 
seems to be ok to ignore article two sins of the fathers. Article 4 ignores 
baptism for children, thus cutting off eternal blessings. That is NOT love. 
Article 6 except when it involves Polygamist, Blacks or gay people. Article 
8 One of the most important thing spoken about in scripture and since the 
being of time is unconditional Love! God's gay children are not being 
translated correctly nor are the scriptures or commandments. You can not 
say you love a child and are protecting them when it sets out to endangers 
their eternal salvation by disallowing them, that which helps everyone else 
get through life. This is reckless endangerment of a child. How would All 
Church members like to be told sorry you are heterosexual therefore your 
children couldn’t receive the entire blessing afforded to gay parents? 
Article 12 you can not say you sustain the laws of the land, then go 
against the very law you sustain. God is not a contradictory God, nor is 
his he a hypocrite! President Monson has also taught to not be a hypocrite, 
The lord hates a hypocrite. The bible say's you are a sinner just like gay 
people, if you have been divorced and remarried you have committed 
adultery. Is the church going to tell those people, your children can't be 
baptized because of the sins of their parents, or will they be 
excommunicated for breaking God's law? According to the word of God their 
sin is the same as homosexuality. Our all the children of Illegal 
Immigrants, Their parents are breaking God’s laws by lying and not honoring 
obeying and sustaining the law, Not only are they breaking moral law they 
are breaking civil law worse then gay parent’s. Will they too be told their 
children can’t be baptized until 18 and must disavow their parents because 
of their wickedness? Our how about women who have children out of wedlock. 
Are their children unable to be baptized and will they have to wait until 
18 and disavow their mother? God is not a god of confusion or a God of 
contention or contradiction. The Devil is the one that orchestrates 
everything the church has put out regarding his Gay Children. God does not 
orchestrate hate, division, judgement and hypocrisy.﻿