I have suffered unjust persecution for defending my beliefs both for 
keeping the Sabbath day holy and for defending the ethics of right and 
wrong upheld by my religion. I have been severely verbally and 
psychologically abused by my former boss for standing up for what is right. 
Somewhere I read that we have freedom of speech and freedom of religion but 
every time I spoke out against the abuse or my rights being violated I was 
punished by the school for being "unprofessional."﻿Fantastic speech on Religious Freedom! 

My favorite parts:

"My challenge is that people of faith work together to improve the moral 
fabric of our respective nations and protect religious freedom.
[...]
"My plea today is that all religions join together to defend faith and 
religious freedom in a manner that protects people of diverse faith as well 
as those of no faith. We must not only protect our ability to profess our 
own religion but also protect the right of each religion to administer its 
own doctrines and laws.

"[...] the two most important religious priorities in today’s world [...] 
are:
 
"First, protect each church and its right to teach and function according 
to its doctrine and beliefs. This includes the freedom of a church to form 
a legal entity, to own property including schools and hospitals, etc., 
establish its doctrine, govern its ecclesiastical affairs, set requirements 
for church membership, conduct worship, and administer its sacraments and 
ordinances according to its doctrine.

"Second is the freedom to believe according to the dictates of one’s own 
conscience without fear of governmental or private retaliation. This 
includes the basic premise of democracy that no one should be punished 
based on the religious beliefs that he or she holds. Each family must have 
the right to worship and conduct religious activities within the home. In 
addition, each church member must be protected in employment, public 
office, and the public square. No person should be disqualified from 
participation in national life because of their religious beliefs.

"[...] Todd Christofferson has pointed out that “virtually everyone in the 
Western democracies claims to believe in the principle of religious 
freedom. It is the application of the principle that creates controversy. 
Threats to religious freedom typically arise when religious people and 
institutions seek to say or do something—or refuse to say or do 
something—that runs counter to the philosophy or goals of those in power.” 
“Religious freedom, while generally supported in principle, is often 
vigorously opposed in practice.”
[...]
“We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the 
dictates of our own conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let 
them worship how, where, or what they may.”  [basic tenet of the LDS faith].
[...] the Prophet Joseph Smith [...] passionately asserted his commitment 
to civil and religious liberty when he said, “I am bold to declare before 
Heaven that I am just as ready to die in defending the rights of a 
Presbyterian, a Baptist, or a good man of any other denomination; for the 
same principle which would trample upon the rights of the Latter-day Saints 
would trample on the rights of the Roman Catholics, or of any other 
denomination who may be unpopular and too weak to defend themselves. It is 
love of liberty which inspires my soul—civil and religious liberty to the 
whole of the human race.”

An excellent speech to read, listen to, and SHARE!  Please teach this 
information to your children and grandchildren.  This topic is vital for 
our times - both today, and the (likely difficult) times ahead of us.﻿It's sad that only religious leaders are calling for first amendment 
protections, and political leaders shut it down.﻿Quentin Cook is right﻿