I'm 11 now﻿I am the little girl Kayla is my sister and my name is Lia﻿your doing a good job Kayla is not that modest; beauty contests are not about modesty, they are 
about flaunting your body.Dyeing one's hair is not modest, nor is wearing 
jewelry and makeup.Letting a small girl wear makeup & jewelry is not right 
either. 1 Timothy 2:9-10 9In like manner also, that women adorn themselves 
in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, 
or gold, or pearls, or costly array;10But (which becometh women professing 
godliness) with good works.Modest is hottest.Do all Mormons have kids with each other?, I'm asking because I really 
don't know. Most religions have "fanatics", what the media portrays, then 
there are the more normal people (for a lack of a better word), is this 
true of most Mormons? do you marry outside your family? Is this a stupid 
question?I am really glad to know that other people besides me follow the modesty of 
an LDS girl. I completely respect you for what you say. It is hard to stay 
modest and i have been in the same ward in houston for my whole life like 
you and try my best. I loved young womens and we did making me as our theme 
and it was amazing...Thanks for being and LDS member and making me feel 
better about it too!Cool video! And she has a cool middle name :PI think this young lady is a great role model for all our girls. I have 
been talking with my thirteen year old about the concept of modesty. It is 
so important in the world these days. Young people are being bombarded by 
negative media, and peer pressure nowadays. Maybe we can all learn 
something from such a good example.Finally a woman that doesn't dress like a prostitute, but actually respects 
her self and her body.hey kayla...goodness...i cant believe how grown up you look...hahaha...i 
remember going to primary with nathan...(nate dog)...him and my brother 
loved hanging out together.....:)....i always loved your family!She is beautiful. Not just her looks but her personality. I love modest 
girls. It shows so much about their personality, and testimony. Good job 
Kayla!awesome videothanks for sharing the goodness the Gospel of Jesus Christ brings. Families 
can be together forever!"the church has helped me in modesty" 1 Timothy 2:9