This is what religious freedom really is, not separation of church and 
state. When the state requires an educational system to follow a very 
specific curriculum of any kind, people can only become learned men and 
never wise. Because of this, people become persecuted simply for thinking 
differently from the way people are required to think according to a 
specific educational curriculum. This sort of thing happens with both the 
religious and the irreligious alike and is what halts a civilization's 
ability to progress.

The biggest benefit the very religious freedom that America promises has to 
a civilization is one's ability to be able to legally doubt and question 
what is commonly or officially conceived to be true.﻿You should have a right to leave a religion without losing your family that 
you encourage us to love . Because you don't fear false prophets.﻿Around the 2:18 mark the video says "people have been dismissed from 
educational programs...all because they follow their consciences." Isn't 
this what Brigham Young University, a Mormon school, does when Mormon 
students, by virtue of their consciences, choose to disaffiliate with the 
church? I love the smell of hypocrisy in the morning.﻿español?﻿Two things surprising things to look for in this video: A reference to P D 
Eastman's "Go, Dog, Go", and a new new definition of CTR.﻿Religious freedom also means the right to REJECT religious teachings 
without threats, intimidation, harassment and vilification. Something the 
Mormon church doesn't seem to respect as when young apostates leave the 
church only to be ostracized, marginalized, threatened and shunned by 
parents, elders and the Mormon community.﻿Is there a captioned  version for the Deaf?﻿I wish the Mormon Church believed in allowing religious freedom at it's own 
schools.  Mormon students who wish to change faiths are expelled.﻿Mormons need to let others worship how, where or what they may and quit 
trying to force their beliefs on Non Mormons by trying to take away Non 
Mormons rights to same sex marriage. Religious freedom ends at attempting 
to force others to follow your religious beliefs!﻿Thank you Mormon Newsroom,

This  is a good video, that helps explain why the government should not 
impede people's definitions of marriage.  While I may not believe in 
polygamy, religious freedom would protect those tenants.  While some may 
not believe in gay marriage, religious freedoms would protect those 
beliefs, if there is a religion that deeply believes in gay marriage 
(Unitarian Universalism).   You cannot judge a religion based on age of 
faith else we might discriminate against Scientology.  

Since the federal government gives benefit to married couples be they man 
and woman, equal protection would make sense that this benefit be granted 
to other faiths, such as man to man, and woman to woman, given men and 
women are equal under the law.  Polygamy would be more complex, since that 
is not as equal as a 2 person union.

This video also showed me that while some faiths may hold deep conviction 
 against other faiths (Muslim vs. Jewish), the video shows that they must 
work together irregardless of their conviction when in the public space. 
(The holding of hands of the people from the church along the public road 
in the video was an inspiring example). So a muslim bakery on public street 
would make a cake for jewish wedding, since it is public business.

So religious freedom is the right to pray and act on yourself as your 
religious belief without hinderance, up to the point for when those values 
effect the equality of others, thus avoiding discrimination.  While on 
private space that is not funded with public money a religious group may 
exclude based on there convictions (ex.  Men's Only Golf Course, No women 
priests in some churches, etc).

I think this video tied well to John 4 (NIV) verse 7-9:
7 When a Samaritan woman came to draw water, Jesus said to her, “Will you 
give me a drink?” 8 (His disciples had gone into the town to buy food.)

9 The Samaritan woman said to him, “You are a Jew and I am a Samaritan 
woman. How can you ask me for a drink?” (For Jews do not associate with 
Samaritans.[a])

Had religious freedom expanded to public water, Jesus could have died of 
thirst.  While this comment is tongue and cheek with the biblical quote ... 
it does seem to be an old issue. #gaymarriage   #mormon   #religiousfreedom 
 

I support religious freedom, but would be uncomfortable with  a faith that 
lobbies against my rights, and uses 501c tax free funds to form PACs for 
that purpose.  Since that would be using public money (tax credits) to 
hinder others equality.  Thus breaking down the core concept of equal 
freedoms for all.

Sincerely,
A Transgender Woman﻿How did you make this video? It's really good...﻿