I have really appreciated the role the LDS faith has had in preserving and 
promoting the traditional family.﻿I am as heterosexual as it gets...  I have looked for any statement from a 
GA that states God has physically talked to them or shown himself to them 
since the days of JS and I cannot find any...   I want to find a recent 
statement from a GA about God and the direct communication to them and I 
can't...   In fact the very interview with GBH with Larry King specifically 
says that he has the same interaction with God and the Pope...  I am 
distraught and looking for anything to show direct intervention with God 
and I cannot find any....  Please enlighten me....﻿'Married through all eternity' - that's not what Jesus taught. But then 
this is the LDS, Inc.﻿Bottom line, we cannot create life with two people with the same gender. So 
something is wrong with that picture. For all those who believe that there 
is a Supreme Creator, He is a perfect being, so whatever He creates is 
perfect, and again He created male and female to multiply and replenish the 
earth. whatever else is something we have to admit is a prank of nature or 
a trial.﻿Nothing wrong with believing in man-woman marriage and speaking out in 
favor of it.  All well and good.  But others have their opinions and 
viewpoints too.  My experience with most LDS folks is "We're right, and 
you're wrong" and "Ours is the only true and living church".  This is quite 
arrogant, presumptuous, and dismissive.  I am always polite to the 
missionaries who knock on my door, however, I am very grateful that I was 
not born into an LDS family and also am glad that I have the good sense to 
not ever join them.﻿he looks like he has no soul﻿Traditional families.... Abraham's polygynous family. Moses' polygynous 
family, Jacob's polygynous family. Yes, one man, more than one woman. Until 
A.D. 1,000 the Jews were polygynous (then Rabbeinu Gershom sold-out for 
advantage), and the Muslims still practice polygyny. Hmm, three very 
different Abrahamic religions, yet all practiced polygyny. Some Baptist 
churches (who have never been Mormons) practice polygyny. 

I am a Mormon, yet, I uphold that most all Mormons do not live by Christian 
standards (this is true of most who call themselves Christians also). That 
said, regardless of mainstream-Christianity's opinions, the use of garments 
have always been by members of the Church of Jesus Christ since ancient 
times. Paul, in the NT, talked about this, and so does the Old Testament 
(Leviticus 8). People like to harp on Joseph Smith about polygamy too (the 
mainstream Mormons excommunicate those who choose to live it), yet, 
polygamy is biblical. There are even Baptist churches out there (who have 
never had anything to do with "Mormons", who practice polygamy too. It is 
Biblical. people harp on Joseph Smith for preaching marriage can last for 
eternity, they say he invented the notion, yet it is in the bible, and even 
Muslims believe in polygamy and eternal marriage (just differently than 
Christians). People get mad at Joseph for saying that people can become 
Gods 'like' our Father in Heaven, yet St. Jerome (a Catholic) taught that 
too. It was a common belief until the council of Nicaea. The council of 
Nicaea decided they would dictate what is right, and discard the rest 
(forget what God has to say is what they were saying in effect). People 
harp on Joseph for saying many American Indians are of Hebrew ancestry, 
yet, it was a commonly held belief by many congregational ministers in the 
19th century. Books were written about this before Joseph even showed-up on 
scene. Even the idea of temples is biblical, and as God is the same 
yesterday, today, and forever, I fail to see how God will do things 
differently than he planned them before he even laid the foundation of the 
world. Which is why apostles and prophets still exist and always will; 
though, I would agree that Monson and his fellows are not apostles nor 
prophets, but are frauds (see D&C 64; 37-40, and D&C 107). F and J gaming, 
how many churches who call themselves Christian fulfill these Biblical 
requirements? Monson and his ilk are frauds, yes, but somewhere (though we 
do not know where exactly) there are real prophets on earth, and the book 
of revelations talks about more to come who will be hear even before the 
Lord returns. Anyway, more could be said...﻿Thank you Elder Ballard for testifying of the constant nature of God and 
his commandments.﻿I am totally grateful and humble to have prophets and apostles who walk 
upon this earth teaching the WILL and MIND of GOD. Thank you Elder Ballard.﻿I feel sorry for the one's who believe in the LDS religion﻿Traditional marriage in the United States was never under attack. Even 
after the Supreme Court ruling, a man can still marry a woman. That 
tradition was never in jeopardy. Of course, if by "traditional marriage" 
you really mean "traditional marriage at the exclusion of everyone else," 
then yes, that was attacked and is now dead. But like this man, few 
defenders of traditional marriage are willing to say what they truly mean 
because "...at the exclusion of everyone else" is just a longer way of 
saying "discrimination." But that's ok, we all know what you really mean, 
because after all, anyone who would defend something that isn't being 
attacked would be a fool. And surely these people aren't fools. Surely.﻿I sang there with my choir as an opening introduction to the ceremony! 
(International Children's Choir) 
I testify that what Elder M. Russel Ballard of the Quorum of the Twelve 
Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints IS TRUE!﻿I honestly think the fact that my dad, the man who torn many families 
apart, who committed adultery and felons many times can go to the temple, 
but just because I'm gay, I'm not allowed entrance. I'm not against 
traditional marriage and not against the church. However, even I put the 
effort to do everything right, I'm not allowed to be part of the church. 
I've been in the temple, I was a boys scout, I blessed the sacrament, and I 
have done many things for my church, but they completely shut me out when I 
came out. It isn't fair, but the only I can do is just to respect their 
beliefs.﻿Speak to identify abomination as the Scriptures do. EMMANUEL called a 
Syrophoenician Woman a dog. Matthew, Mark 7:24-30.

mt15: 21 After leaving there, Jesus withdrew to the district of Tyre and 
Sidon. 22 And a Canaanite woman from that district came out and began to 
cry out [urgently], saying, “Have mercy on me, O Lord, Son of David 
(Messiah); my daughter is cruelly possessed by a demon.” 23 But He did not 
say a word in answer to her. And His disciples came and asked Him 
[repeatedly], “Send her away, because she keeps shouting out after 
us.” 24 He answered, “I was commissioned by Godand sent only to the lost 
sheep of the house of Israel.” 25 But she came andbegan to kneel down 
before Him, saying, “Lord, help me!” 26 And He replied, “It is not good 
(appropriate, fair) to take the children’s bread and throw it to the pet 
dogs.” 27 She said, “Yes, Lord; but even the pet dogs eat the crumbs that 
fall from their [young] masters’ table.” 28 Then Jesus answered 
her, “Woman, your faith [your personal trust and confidence in My power] is 
great; it will be done for you as you wish.” And her daughter was healed 
from that moment.

mk7:24 Jesus got up and left there and went to the region of Tyre [and 
Sidon, the coastal area of Phoenicia]. He entered a house and did not want 
anyone to knowabout it; but it was impossible for Him to be hidden [from 
the public]. 25 Instead, after hearing about Him, a woman whose little 
daughter had an unclean spirit immediately came and fell at His 
feet. 26 Now the woman was a Gentile (Greek), a Syrophoenician by 
nationality. And she kept pleading with Him to drive the demon out of her 
daughter. 27 He was saying to her, “First let the children [of Israel] be 
fed, for it is not right to take the children’s bread and throw it to the 
pet dogs (non-Jews).” 28 But she replied, “Yes, Lord, but even the pet dogs 
under the table eat the children’s crumbs.” 29 And He said to her, “Because 
of this answer [reflecting your humility and faith], go [knowing that your 
request is granted]; the demon has left your 
daughter [permanently].” 30 And returning to her home, she found the child 
lying on the couch [relaxed and resting], the demon has gone. 

And this woman had humility and faith.

Abominations are doing the opposite of advertising pleadings with The HIGH 
PRIEST in Heaven. They delight to be called Demons. 

None are HEAVENLY FATHER'S Children until they come to HIM, through HIS 
Son, in the New Birth of Life.

EMMANUEL come to destroy all unrighteousness, leaving no place for sin.﻿I'm appreciate the truths spoken by Elder Ballard. I think those truths, 
like all truths, will stand the test of time.﻿The fairness and maturity he has displayed is the kind of leadership I want 
to follow. This kind of leadership teaches instead of mocks, teases or 
assaults. For those that think these views are on the wrong side of history 
I would say Elder M. Russell Ballard spoke clearly and calmly without 
drawing unneeded attention to himself. Anyone disagreeing with any part of 
his talk I would ask are you being belligerent or fault finding? Can you be 
on the right side of history and be a horrible leader or can Elder M. 
Russell Ballard be on the right side of history and be a great leader. 
These views are polarized but regardless of viewpoint what type of 
leadership was most mature?﻿You will really know and feel by the spirit that Elder Ballard is a 
messenger of God. Family is still the basic unit of society. I love my 
family so much.﻿13:27 - 14:07﻿terrific talk!﻿I am grateful to have living prophets and apostles who teach us about God's 
will for us. 

Thank you, Elder Ballard for bearing your testimony on families.﻿Elder Ballard's message is one of inspiration that all of us can use in our 
lives and is worth living by. His message is one of hope for all of God's 
children.﻿I don't know what's worse: homophobic bigotry or condescending tolerance 
for marriage equality. The mormon church and its anti-gay beliefs is still 
on the wrong side of history and will eventually forgotten in the sands of 
time.﻿Thank you Elder Ballard for the address you gave at the ninth World 
Congress of Families. You are truly a man of God with a much needed message 
of the importance of God's plan here on earth.﻿