mark chapter 9:23﻿mark 9:9 He wanted them to stay silent until the son of a man rose from the 
dead.﻿when I met this man, and shook his hand, he has the most beautiful crystal 
clear blue eyes I have ever seen﻿government Olympics?﻿omnisheince﻿The Early Years
Chapman University was founded as Hesperian College in Woodland, Calif., on 
March 4, 1861. The institution's founders were members of the Christian 
Church (Disciples of Christ), who believed in equal education for males and 
females of all races. Unfortunately, around the turn of the century, as 
California started offering free public education, many private schools 
were forced to close, including Hesperian in 1895. The following year, the 
Disciples founded the Berkeley Bible Seminary at UC Berkeley, which 
incorporated the assets of Hesperian. But by 1912, the seminary's 
population had dwindled to 35 students, so the church decided to transfer 
its remaining assets to a new Disciples college in Los Angeles.
The principal benefactor for the school was Charles Clarke Chapman, an 
Illinois native who found great success in Southern California as a real 
estate investor, producer and marketer of Valencia oranges, as well as a 
politician and avid supporter of the Disciples.
His grandfather was Jacob Kimble Chapman
Partial list; Jacob K Chapman, Lyman Curtis CHAPMAN hosted an appointment 
for McLellin in Hate, New York, on May 27, 1835. Was baptized by McLellin 
on May 30, 1835. [McLellin] CHAPMAN, Jacob (b. 1803), was born on Mar. 12, 
1803, in Palmyra, New York, and later married Julia. Marched in Zion's 
Camp. Donated money to McLellin in Amherst, Ohio, in Oct., 1834. Was 
ordained a member of the First Quorum of Seventy. Received patriarchal 
blessing from Joseph Smith, Sr., in Kirtland, Ohio, 1836. [McLellin] 
SOURCE: BYU: Brigham Young University 
Note: I am a distant cousin of C. C. Chapman, and hope to visit the campus 
someday soon.﻿Thanks, Elder Holland for reminding us that natural law supercedes 
legislation and faults can be repaired.﻿I agree with everything but that leaves us with the a big question as to 
why would God allow certain people to be born with huge challenges such as 
same sex attraction and then expect them to change something they cannot 
change. It would be more interesting if the so called Prophets, Apostles, 
Priests and other spiritual leaders could come up with explanations for 
that or inquire of God as to why such individuals are born that way. It is 
easy to say what one should feel, do and believe without understanding 
their birth circumstances.﻿here, here.﻿All things are possible!
Trusting makes it so.
Let us be God's people
And interfaith show.﻿Wow. What a refreshing and powerful take on these important subjects.﻿I need to listen to it more, ﻿Elder Holland is an inspired man of God, as an Apostle of the Lord Jesus 
Christ, he is a true messenger.﻿Wonderful. Thanks for sharing. ﻿Watch #ElderHolland's speech last night on faith, family and 
#ReligiousFreedom at +Chapman University ﻿