Well now we know that this was all a big lie, don't we. The church has 
dropped the hammer on gay and lesbian members and made it clear that they 
are not welcome in the church.﻿The corporate-church doesn't care about religious freedom, nor any other 
kind of freedom. I am a Mormon. I love the Lord Jesus Christ, and Joseph 
Smith, etc... but, the corporate-church does not support the Lord nor 
Joseph. The corporate-church has never defended religious freedom--but 
rather they joined the persecutors. I guess they feel that they can't beat 
the persecutors, nor endure till the end of persecution, so 'why not join 
them?" I am against Senate Bill 296 as it forces landowners to rent to 
people. If the land is yours, you can rent to whom you please--that is the 
Constitution. If a landowner wants to rent or not rent to anyone, for any 
reason, that is that landowner's business. End-of-story.﻿This seems like a well thought out speech that is supposed to be acting 
like a "last bastion for Christian rights to discriminate against who they 
like if it's in the name of the Church." Sorry religious people but here is 
a cold hard fact... Homophobia is being outlawed just like Racism was many 
years ago ... And society will become a greater place and there is nothing 
for once you can do in the name of god or anything else that will allow the 
continuance of discrimination towards people based on gender orientation.﻿Racism is no longer acceptable in society be it religiously motivated or 
not. In order to get to that point we had to take big steps in order to 
irradiate religious intolerances and that didn't erode the foundation of 
democracy, in fact it progressed it.

They speak of a romanticized, unrealistic and heavily idealistic world 
whereby religious institution may still enact injustices against people in 
the name of the Church. While such things exists it is not possible to lay 
the firm foundation for the tolerance and acceptance of homosexuality. Be 
it in the name of god or not certain forms of discrimination are just 
unacceptable and society and it's leaders must take a firm stance against 
it in order to make a firm defence of the people's rights without bias on 
their sexuality or gender orientations.﻿I don't know what it is about Dallin H. Oaks, but the dude gives me the 
creeps. Having said that, he made excellent points. And I agree that LGBT 
people have TONS of advocacy and now no one is "allowed" to disagree with 
them. I am not against their rights, but I am against having an AGENDA 
shoved down my throat.﻿extremely well put....﻿Wow things are changing in this world ) ;﻿There is no such thing as a "right to marry." Two people must qualify to 
marry. That's why blood tests are required before a marriage license can be 
issued. This is for the public good.﻿This is an example of balanced, thoughtful and kind discussion of a 
controversial issue. I hope lots of people pay attention to it.﻿I don't understand why a news conference was necessary. It only concerns 
people of the Mormon faith, IMO. When they were describing religious 
freedom, they did include something to the effect of: as long as it doesn't 
harm others. We allow others to worship as they see fit but we expect the 
same courtesy. Historically, and even now, people ridicule people who 
belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (or give a thumbs 
down just because it is LDS, sometimes without even watching the content.) 
I think it is important that this was pointed out. Currently, this is what 
sets Radical Islam apart from other religions. They are hurting, killing 
others and trying to force their laws on every country that they reside in. 
This is wrong and should be stopped. ﻿Feb. 9, 2015,       And   don't    tell   me   what   to   do.......!!!!﻿man this church is so true :) the spirit testifies to me that it is. These 
are truly men of God:)﻿The Mormon church can no longer be considered an enemy for gay rights. ﻿After watching this video, my testimony of the Church has become stronger. 
I do believe and support each and every word these inspired leaders have 
spoken.
Furthermore, I want to add my thought is this regard:
As the world has grown more into a global community, more and more 
standardized norms and values are being imposed, most of which are moral 
and human, but some are just stipulated to protect immoral and ungodly 
behavior. Now, as stated by the LDS leaders, all persons should be treated 
with respect and consideration, BUT that does not mean a renounce or a 
wavier of your own rights.
We are all witnessing how some fanatics are trying to impose their thoughts 
on others violating any concept of liberty while on the other hand claiming 
and demanding respect to what they believe. Same goes for 
sexual-orientation defending organizations, demanding other institutions 
such as churches, to modify their moral standards for the sake of such 
freedom.
As I understand this, if a person with gay preferences wants to get married 
to another person with the same orientation, they should first consider 
their own values, and if they include believing in a certain faith, than 
see if they are opposed to their desire. Ponder which is more important for 
them, and than make a decision in that regard. If they believe their sexual 
orientation is more important than their faith, leave the faith and go on 
with their desire, otherwise seek for help from their faith's leaders to 
see what can be done, but DON'T GO OUT THERE SAYING THAT THEIR FAITH IS 
WRONG JUST BECAUSE IT SUPPORTS A CERTAIN POSITION AGAINST GAY MARRIAGE!
That being said, I respect all persons regarding their sexual, political, 
spirtiual or any other feature. I myself have some gay friends who are 
outstanding persons, I do not condemn them because of this, but I would not 
praise or accept their practices and I would not vote for a law legalizing 
gay marriage or children being adopted by gay couples, because I thing the 
practice is detrimental for our society and because I firmly believe in the 
teachings, philosophy and doctrine of my faith. I won't impose this belief 
on gays, and I demand that they don't impose their orientation on me, my 
family or religion.﻿Giving somebody else rights you've always had is not taking away your 
religious freedom. ﻿Marriage has been an adopted practice of religious communities throughout 
our human history.  Societies have adopted the recognition of it from time 
to time but ALWAYS between males and females, period.  There was never a 
debate about it!  Now in an attempt to legitimize the lifestyle choice, the 
LGBT community wants that RELIGIOUS recognition to be enforced by edict of 
the government not RELIGION - where it originated.  That is the problem, 
government cannot dictate religious beliefs or practices on one hand, while 
holding up religious freedom as a God given unalienable Right on the other.﻿Shann Wals: for what ever reason your reply doesn't show on my comment feed 
I wanted to respond. I wasn't able to see the whole comment, so let me know 
if I'm missing a point you were making. I'm LDS and also live in MA where 
gay marriage has been legal for enough time for there to be a culture 
around it. There have been no issues with our local ward and I've found the 
area to be much more family friendly then Utah. The Church has their 
doctrine about marriage but it's their doctrine, not the LGBT communities. 
To insist that the Churches definition can be the only definition is asking 
the government to recognize our doctrine as legal. That's a ludicrous 
position to take, as it constitutionally incompatible. I, for one, am tired 
of the Church defending the indefensible and wasting the publics time. This 
issue has made more enemies then friends and is driving away members. 
Seeing the nation change its stance after the Prop 8 debacle makes this 
whole approach that Church is taking look pretty uninspired. The power of 
God is clearly not with them around this issue. ﻿I'm not sure if it's because of fear of alienating themselves even further 
as they have in recent years, or if it's because religions finally realize 
they've been contradicting the very teachings of their savior all this 
time.  Either way their acceptance is nice to finally see. ﻿Are the rights of LGBT people being respected within the LDS communities? I 
heard lots of examples of discrimination against religious people, but only 
vague references to LGBT people facing discrimination. Despite the vague 
rhetoric about the need to respect the rights of all it conveyed a clear 
message that freedom to practice religion is a higher priority to them.﻿When will the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints apologize for 
trying to deny to loving couples the right to solemnize their love with a 
life-long commitment to one another, a right that Mormons hold so dear? ﻿While listening, they are saying that God's law does not change!
They are also simply saying that what's going on is really how each and 
everyone of us reacts to it. They are saying that our agency is important. 
(Our right to do what we want, share our beliefs, etc...), but God's 
law...DOES NOT CHANGE!﻿I feel this was well said. I feel they are standing up to protect us from 
losing our religious freedoms by standing up to the law in the way it was 
written. I do not feel they were moving away from their beliefs or what God 
says. I feel they did a wonderful job.﻿I am Mormon﻿I'm still a little confused at how they side stepped their role in 
discrimination. They're acting high and mighty when they actively seek to 
deny rights to The LGBT community. I'm not even sure that saying that the 
LGBT community should have some rights, but not the ones they want is a 
kind position at all. The Church would do well to admit their role in the 
current atmosphere, but they won't. ﻿I am so grateful for modern revelation!﻿Religious beliefs can still cause bigotry and prejudice. And quite often, 
they do.﻿This was perfectly said and I'm glad that people now know that we are 
trying to protect all beliefs including our own. That we protect the agency 
of men just as God had intended it to be. Also, in stating that our beliefs 
as Latterday Saints will not wavered﻿Amen.﻿Very well said.  Thank you. ﻿PR Plug, Proselytization, Projecting Accountability...but..wonderful they 
have "come" to a understanding that others have basic rights too. Very 
irritating, when they state this was their position all along, they can 
never, never, never admit they're wrong.﻿"The relations other than between a man and woman who are married are 
contrary to the laws of god this doctrine and commandment comes from sacred 
scripture and we are not at liberty to change it" This seems like a 
problem. It shows that the church cannot change or adapt to the changing 
world based on the reason that sacred scripture cannot be changed, even 
though it's infringing on the rights of certain groups. I don't see what 
right the church has to say whether someone has the right to marry or not, 
if the same sex couple has made a wrong by gods eye then it's god who will 
judge them and not the church.﻿How I hope the world listens to such wise counsel! I fear they will not 
(because we do not live in a society ruled by reasoned discourse and 
compromise), but I hope the world will surprise me. For years, I've been 
pointing out the unfairness that freedom of speech on LGBT issue no longer 
exists, but likewise, I feel it totally unfair that someone who chooses to 
embrace that lifestyle can't, in many places, list their partner on their 
insurance or be treated equally in matters like taxation or find a job or 
place to live. Those things should not, 99% of the time, involve any 
violation of another's religious freedom. Surely, the best path is 
compromise, not declaring one side a pariah and trampling their rights. 
Sadly, I'm afraid that this, like much of the great counsel from our 
beloved Church leaders, will fall on deaf ears.﻿Beautiful delivery. Fair access to housing and employment does not, in my 
opinion, translate to tax free/deferred benefits financially equating to 
any amount of monetary gain with factors based on or of religious 
understanding/belief of faith. I humbly offer this very hypothetical 
situation -- and I say this with the caveat that I personally have not nor 
have I never heard of a situation where anyone has been denied housing: 
what if a religious, devout, upstanding citizen was to apply for housing 
and denied simply for their faith (assumably, Utah is currently RTK), to an 
apartment complex, subdivision, etc.. would that be fair? I... personally 
say no. Decriminalization is a harsh word that I put in kind with hate. Let 
us not divide, on either side of the fence.﻿All 4 speakers did a great job explaining their point of view. However, 
when mentioning the rights that you hope for LGBT citizens you didn't 
mention marriage or partnership at all. I can't help but laugh at this 
irony when you claim to be victims of increasing oppression. You can't 
throw hundreds of millions of dollars at oppressing rights of others and 
then claim victimhood. You also say that the christian doctor who doesn't 
carry the morning after pill shouldn't have to fear boycotting. Why not? 
That's free speech. They have the right to practice whatever they want, 
however, they are not guaranteed freedom from others freedom of speech. 
Jeffrey Holland is a great orator, he used to be my hero. However, 
sometimes his oratory skills patches over the inconclusive arguments he 
makes at times. He said he called for fairness, but he didn't. The church 
is calling for separate but equal. Until they at least acknowledge the 
right for all men and women to marry whoever they wish, a call for equality 
is hypocritical. It must be complete equality. They don't have to support 
it, it's against their religion, I get that. However, not being able to 
acknowledge it at all is very troubling. I hope I didn't offend anyone who 
reads this; I tried to be calm and concise, but It is my view on this press 
conference, and I have to say I am saddened that they felt the need to have 
it at all.﻿I'm a Mormon, but something didn't seem right about this.  They're talking 
more about religious freedom rather than LGBT rights protection.  This 
sounds like Bigotry in disguise. I suspect my comment will be screened an 
deleted, which is sad because I'm starting to see a reoccurring re-writing 
of history taking place in the church.﻿In all fairness
We each must guard
Our freedoms which
Cause no one harm﻿Words spoken with inspiration, clarity, respect & dignity - a great and 
powerful message of truth!﻿What a great example of how to discuss our differences. ﻿So the LDS Church is in favor of protecting GLBT folks' right to employment 
and housing, but not service? Does that mean that an LDS physician can 
exercise freedom of conscience with regard to refusing the service of IVF 
to a lesbian couple, but the doctor would have to employ GLBT folks in 
their medical practice? And if the physician owned the mixed use building 
which included the medical offices and apartments, would the doctor also 
have to rent to GLBT people? There is an obvious dissonance going on here. 
How do you protect the rights to employment and housing for GLBY people and 
protect the right to deny services offered to the public based on strongly 
held religious conviction? The moment that you tell a physician that they 
may legally deny publicly offered services to someone based on religious 
conviction, that physician will assert that, based on that same religious 
conviction, they should be allowed to deny employment and housing.﻿Excellent and totally logical and Fair presentation, which I hope and pray 
will be shared widely.  I also hope it will be viewed and thoughtfully 
considered by the members of SCOTUS, in view of the relevant marriage case 
dues to be decided soon.﻿I have to say that was a pretty good message, for a major religious leader 
to come out defending the rights of everyone including those who are 
apposed to major social issues  is very interesting to see. I am looking 
forward to see how news networks interpret this message.﻿You guys put into words what I've been trying to tell people for a long 
time. :) There's a reason you're in the positions you are.﻿+Dallin H. Oaks is the man.﻿Well done my friends.﻿