
C
﻿The Gospel According to St John 25 Jesus said unto her, I am the 
resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, 
yet shall he live:
 The Book of Moroni Chapter 10 34 And now I bid unto all, farewell. I soon 
go to rest in the paradise of God, until my spirit and body shall again 
reunite, and I am brought forth triumphant through the air, to meet you 
before the pleasing bar of the great Jehovah, the Eternal Judge of both 
quick and dead. Amen﻿I hope that when I pass I will be remembered in such a way.  I hope that I 
am an "elect lady" and that my eternal companion loves me the way I love 
him.﻿ALL families are forever... =) Heavenly Father has a plan for all his 
children, not just those of us who are Mormon in this life. Let us not 
forget that.I just couldn't stop crying.. His face.. His grief.. It's astounding!I lover the prophet so much and am very thankful for him!Mormon Christian families are forever.I am sorry for there temporal separation yet gratful for the sealing of 
there bond through marriage. May the Lord be with P. MonsonAh! but the Phophet wouldn't be human if he didn't grieve! We all miss our 
love ones! Thank goodness!Thinking of the Monson/Johnson families during their time of loss. May 
their hearts soon be filled with memories of joyful times together as they 
continue to celebrate a life well-lived. In the precious name of our 
Savior, Jesus Christ ... Amen!I lost it when I saw the grief on President's Monson's faith. I'm saddened by President Monson's loss, and will pray for his family.My prayers, thoughts and condolences are with the Monson/Johnson families 
during this time. Rest in peace, Sister Monson ... until we meet again!I Love The Daughter TalkAWE RIP Frances J Monson ;(The Great Sister Frances Monson, Moves Through The Window Of Eternity To 
Continue Her Journey That Has No Ending-Our prayers go to you dear President Monson!Prayers are with President Monson and his family at this time. He looked so 
sad bless him x.Ihope to live my life in a way where people can speak of me in the most 
beautiful Manor like that at my funeralWe will Miss you Sweet Sister Monson! Thank you for the light that you 
brought into all of our lives! We Love You Forever!!Although Sister Monson was a quiet wife, her constant presence was assuring 
to Pres. Monson. For me, in my 26th year of marriage, it's difficult to 
imagine losing my wife and facing life alone. I cannot imagine Pres. Monson 
without his sweetheart of 64 years. May Heavenly Father strengthen him in 
this moment of sorrow. I was there at the Funeral service in the tabernacle and it was packed it 
was such a nice service RIP Sister Monson you will be missedGod be with you sister monson , we love you so much