Video is 3:14 in length, and had 314 likes when i got here. Things seems to 
be coming around full circle i think. Love it. Can't wait to take my family 
some day.Awesome! I wish I would live there to be able to attend the open house :D!!Does not belong in RomeRome Italywow so want t go the openhouse.Me gusta ||8{|}Though I have much respect for the LDS Church. This just shows the Catholic 
Church in Europe needs to become more relevant and live out the faith Jesus 
gave us.Felicitaciones para los Santos de los Ültimos Días de Italia y para todo el 
pueblo de esa bella nación de Europa. Las bendiciones de un Santo Templo de 
La Iglesia de Jesucristo de los Santos de los Últimos Días, la única 
iglesia verdadera y viviente de nuestro Señor Jesucristo sobre la tierra, 
son como rocio del cielo, como lluvia de bendiciones que emana de las manos 
de nuestro amado Padre Celestial. Felicitaciones hermanos y que nuestro 
Señor Jesucristo los bendiga siempre.I like this. We have new LDS Mormon Temple in Rome Italy.I like this.gracias padre por bendecir a los hermanos de roma .hno Reyes venezuelaIt makes me cry out of happiness. :)I have been to Rome, very nice people there.My mother went on a mission to Roma. It was such a great blessing to see 
her the session that the temple was to be announced. Now it's really 
physically happening. What a great thing to see.Classic Thomas Monson having the children come and help turn the soil... 
those kids may not remember that moment but their parents and older 
friends/family will. .. And they will be able to see themselves doing it 
one day when they get older, what an awesome blessing!felicidades ROMAThis is a dream come true! This will be our temple!! We can't wait. 
Hopefully we can be at the dedication. -family from Athens, GreeceBeautiful temple, beautiful work.Apostol Paul must be glad :D."We'll sing and we'll shout with the armies of heaven, Hosanna, hosanna to 
God and the Lamb, let glory to them in the highest be given! My greeting 
from Sweden to the members in Rome! =)Congratulations, Rome. Saludos desde Colombia. Grettings from LDS Colombia.Amazingly awesome !great temple designThis temple will be a great blessing for church members in Italy!How wonderful for the members in Italy!Lo spirito arde in noi come fu o co s' appresta la glo o ria degli U ultimi 
Di .BeautifulThis is great news! Just amazing. Can't wait to see the final work.@AnonEmouseMan I agree! This is so exciting!Benedetta sia l'Italia! Questo è un sogno realizzato. Devo essere a Roma 
per la dedicazione in 2013! <3 Yay mormons! That was EXACTLY what my country needed. -.-I think of what it is like to live far from a temple, and feel some of the 
gratitude that these people feel as they prepare to receive a temple of the 
Lord in that part of the world.Uno storico evento . Congratulazioni ai membri della Chiesa in Italia che 
hanno tanto pregato per l'arrivo di questo giorno.LOVE IT! What a wonderful Blessing!I am very proud of it!I very pride for that!meraviglioso.....grazie !!!This is such a blessing, for me and for the other italian brothers and 
sisters. We are so happy!There's nothing like going to the Temple. I'm So happy for ItalyWow. It is happening. I love the Italians, they are such warm, friendly 
people. Its been 20 years since I served a mission in Italy and this 
annoucement of a temple in Rome is a dream come true. This is truly a great 
blessing. I am so happy for my friends in Italy. This is just awesome. Yeah!The Apostle Peter smiles down on this site in the city where he was 
crucified upside down.Beautiful!The Temple looks like it is going to be a very pretty one.