What an amazing piece of propaganda. PROPAGANDA being the key word 
here.....﻿+Joyce Belnap,

I never had the chance to read all you wrote to me as it did not all show 
on my page, nor can I find you in the conversations on this thread; that 
said, here is what you sent me (that I did see in front of me) and my 
response:

You said:" +Clinton Rhinehart Proclaiming membership to the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints while claiming to be more knowledgeable and 
righteous than the Prophet of your church......doesn't add up. When I read 
posts like this, I see it as a member going astray or an ex-member or 
someone who was never a member - either way trying to discredit the church 
-> which active, believing members would never do. And although you 
misrepresented us, we are the ONLY Church of Jesus Christ of Latter..." <<< 
that is all I saw on my page.

My response: " “Can I save you? No, I can only advise a righteous course, 
and encourage and aid in walking therein, it then remains for them to take 
the course which I advise, and I always advise people to adopt that policy 
which Joseph taught and advocated, and which brother Brigham now lays 
before us, from day to day. This is what will save you, and you cannot be 
saved upon any other principle. I have power to save myself, and if I do 
not save myself, who will save me? All have that privilege, and naught can 
save us but obedience to the commandments of God.” (Heber C. Kimball, J.D. 
3:269)

“How often has it been taught that if you depend entirely upon the voice, 
judgment, and sagacity of those appointed to lead you, and neglect to enjoy 
the Spirit for yourselves, how easily you may be led into error, and 
finally be cast off to the left hand?” (Brigham Young, J.D. 8:59)

“If it was not for the religion I profess, which gives me to know something 
about the matter, by revelation, for myself, I would not have anything to 
do with religion at all.” (John Taylor, J.D. 1:150)

“Now those men or those women who know no more about the powers of God and 
the influences of the Holy Spirit than to be led entirely by another person 
suspending their own understanding and pinning their faith upon another’s 
sleeve, will never be capable of entering into the celestial glory to be 
crowned as they anticipate. They never will be capable of becoming Gods.” 
(Brigham Young, J.D. 1:312)

“Let every man and woman know themselves, whether their leaders are walking 
in the path the Lord dictates or not. This has been my exhortation 
continually.” (Brigham Young, J.D. 9:150)

“Without revelation direct from heaven it is impossible for any person to 
understand fully the plan of salvation. We often hear it said that the 
living Oracles must be in the Church in order that the Kingdom of God may 
be established and prosper on the earth. I will give another version of 
this sentiment. I say that the living Oracles of God, or the Spirit of 
revelation must be in each and every individual, to know the plan of 
salvation and keep in the path that leads them to the presence of God.” 
(Disc. of Brigham Young, p. 58)

“… `no man knoweth the things of God, but by the spirit of God.’ That was 
said in the days of the Savior and the Apostles, and it was no more true 
then than it is now, or than it was in the days of the Prophets, Moses, 
Abraham, Noah, Enoch, Adam, or in any and every age of the world. It 
requires the same manifestations in one age as in another to enable man to 
understand the things of God.” (Brigham Young, Des. Evening News, May 5, 
1874)

“`Yes,’ said Brother Heber, `we think we are secure here in the chambers of 
these everlasting hills, where we can close the doors of the canyons 
against mobs and persecutors, the wicked and the vile, who have always 
beset us with violence and robbery, but I want to say to you, my brethren, 
the time is coming when we will be mixed up in these now peaceful valleys 
to that extent that it will be difficult to tell the face of a saint from 
the face of an enemy against the people of God.

“`Then is the time to look out for the great sieve, for there will be a 
great sifting time, and many will fall.'” (J. Golden Kimball, p. 364-65)

"What would be necessary to bring about the results nearest the hearts of 
the opponents of Mormonism? Simply to renounce, abrogate, or apostatize 
from the New and Everlasting Covenant of Marriage in its fulness. Were the 
Church to do that as an entirety, God would reject the Saints as a body. 
The authority of the Priesthood would be withdrawn with its gifts and 
powers and there would be no more heavenly recognition of the 
administrations. The heavens would permanently withdraw themselves, and the 
Lord would raise up another people of greater valor and stability, for his 
work must, according to his unalterable decrees, go forward; for the time 
of the second coming of the Savior is near, even at the doors."---John 
Taylor, Des. News, April 23, 1885

"God will preserve a portion of this people, of the meek and the humble, to 
bear off the kingdom to the inhabitants of the earth, and will defend His 
Priesthood; for it is the last time, the last gathering time."---Brigham 
Young, Contributor 10:362

"I do not know but that it would be an utter impossibility to commence and 
carry out some principles pertaining to Zion right in the midst of this 
people. They have strayed so far that to get a people who would conform to 
heavenly laws it may be needful to lead some from the midst of this people 
and commence anew somewhere in the region round about in these 
mountains."--- Orson Pratt, J.D. 15:357

"Adam, Seth, Enoch, Noah, all the Patriarchs and Prophets, Jesus and the 
Apostles, and every man that has ever written the word of the Lord, have 
written the same doctrine on the same subject; and you never can find that 
Prophets and Apostles clashed in their doctrines in ancient days; neither 
will they now, if all would at all times be led by the spirit of 
salvation."---Discourses of B.Y., 1st ed., p. 209


"Now taking it for granted that the scriptures say what they mean, and mean 
what they say, we have sufficient grounds to go on and prove from the Bible 
that the gospel has always been the same; the ordinances to fulfill its 
requirements, the same, and the officers to officiate, the same; and the 
signs and fruits resulting from the promises, the same. . ."---Joseph Smith 
(TPJS, p. 264)

“The time has arrived in the history of this people when every Latter-day 
Saint must stand on his own responsibility as a tub stands on its own 
bottom; live the Gospel of Jesus Christ according to the dictates of his 
own conscience and get the reward; otherwise he must suffer the 
consequences.” (Joseph F. Smith, Sept. 1903, Truth, Nov. 1, 1936, 2:6, p. 
88)﻿Does God prefer Hanes or Fruit of the Loom? They also don't tell or show 
the masonic symbols that are on them. They want to act like Mormonism is 
all about Jesus but there is alot more that they won't say which makes them 
a cult. According to Mormons we have to give an account to Joseph Smith 
when we die. And if we live a perfect sinless life we become gods and get 
our own planet to populate. How many revelations have your prophets 
revealed that never ever came true? The Bible says that if 1 prophecy 
doesn't come true that they are FALSE prophets. They deny polygamy but yet 
believe Joseph Smith was a r
true prophet and yet how many wives did he have? They believe God has a 
wife and that God came to earth in flesh form and had sex with Mary. If 
that is true that would make God and Mary adulterer's. Sorry my God can't 
sin.﻿ismism done!﻿Mormons not only are Christians they also fly commercial jets u u g﻿If the book of Mormon is supposed to contain the fullness of the gospel 
then why is there no mention of Mormon underwear in it? The original use of 
Mormon underwear did not start until the 1840's and they contained Masonic 
symbolism like the square and compass. Masonry is based on the occultist 
Kabbalah and has nothing whatsoever to do with Christianity.﻿dumb﻿Mormons are not Christians.﻿Actually, it is not called a "temple garment". Joseph Smith said otherwise. 
Leviticus 8 talks about "garments", and Paul in the New Testament did too. 
Professing Christendom at-large rails against the idea of 'garments', yet 
they are in the Old and New Testaments. Now, don't get my wrong, I don't 
like the corporate-LDS church in the least bit; Monster,err.. Monson is a 
lair and a hypocrite. (D&C 64; 37-40). Yet, I love the Lord Jesus Christ, I 
love the Bible, the Book of Mormon, etc... I love Joseph Smith, but, I do 
not like the corporate church misrepresenting the gospel of Jesus Christ. 
There are more than 50 different churches that call themselves "Mormons"; 
yet, only the various sects of Mormonism have ever (in the modern age) 
believed in the Biblical practice of wearing "garments". More could be 
said, but I think what I wrote above is good for the moment.﻿God is pleased if I where particular underwear? what a strange view of God﻿What scripture do you use to support this tradition which seems to be 
mandatory﻿There's nothing in the bible about sacred garments, so why do Mormons 
believe that these magical garments can protect them? Whatever happened to 
having faith in God and Jesus for protection?
I guess mormons have more faith in magical garments than in the the Lord.﻿I'm a full Christian I do not quite understand why theses are worn﻿I know the garments are supposed to always be worn, but what happens if you 
want to swim, or it's really uncomfortable in the heat?﻿view www.mormon.org﻿The high priest clothing that was used in the temple in Jerusalem is 
described in detail in scripture. This is so that we can study the 
symbolism since everything about the temple pointed towards Christ. 
Why is that not so for the mormon temples..?

You can read all about it in Exodus 28.﻿It warms my heart to see people of all faiths exercising love and respect 
toward one another. Religion is under attack in these times and we all need 
to band together to protect our right of religious freedom. After all, if 
you study other religions you can see that regardless of doctrine we all 
have more in common than not.﻿My garments helps me remind of my covenants and I'm so proud that I'm 
wearing it...﻿This is respectful, informative and caring of all religious symbols. Well 
done and much appreciated.

.﻿Now if our prophet could just tell the flock that members should not be 
judged by their manner of modest dress.  In my corner of Zion, there is an 
almost obsessive focus on wearing suits to sacrament.  Of course, I just 
make sure my clothes are clean and not threadbare.  Jesus did not wear a 
suit, he wore plain and basic clothing.  The modern equal would be jeans 
and a plain shirt without buttons.  No tie, no sportcoat, no slacks.﻿nice video :)﻿I was really impressed by this short video.  I find it admirable that the 
LDS faith, like many other religious sects, have their ways of showing 
their devotion to God.﻿Come on ! Its not the underwear that makes a person saint. Its inside of us 
.....within us is the kingdom of GOD ........AND WE SHOULD FOLLOW THE 
WORD.!!! DONT TALK ABOUT UNDERWEAR.... WAISTING TIME....TALK ABOUT JESUS 
DIED FOR OUR SINS ON THE CROSS.﻿Sikhs have them called Kacchera 1 of 5 articles of faith﻿I hear that the material that these are made from do not breathe well. If 
this is the case can members who have medical problems with their bodies 
properly ventilating themselves be excused form wearing them at all times? 
I have genetic disorder that causes my sweat glands to not open properly, 
in the summer it is impossible for me to wear anything other than a tank 
top and lose shorts for extended periods of time. To properly explain my 
problem I can get heat stroke within two hours when it's 85 degrees outside 
wearing a cotton t-shirt and jeans- which is most of the year, as I live in 
Texas. It's mostly that I need a lot of ventilation around my armpits, as 
that is the only place that has large enough sweat glands to allow me to 
sweat properly. If I was very serious about wearing two layers of clothing 
I guess I could never go outside in the summer for extended periods of 
time, but then I'd miss out on playing with my kids and sporting events. I 
guess I just won't be Mormon if they're that anal about the way I dress for 
my own heath's well being. After all, didn't God create us naked and then 
call us "good"?﻿censoring comments?﻿Thank you...﻿awesome!!!!﻿ As a lds member, I have felt blessed for having a family, job, and 
happiness﻿For me faith is about a personal relationship with Jesus, not about 
clothing or artefacts. :) But I am curious, as a single woman can you wear 
"normal" underwear? I've heard only married women wear it.. ﻿I didn't that they would actually show the clothing.  I've always thought 
the garment explain in Exodus as the undergarment.  However, it makes more 
sense as the temple garment, since it is to only be worn during ceremony, 
as the Aaronic Priest garment was.﻿What's the difference between this and regular FTL or Hanes? This make no 
sense.﻿Good video. May I say, because what other folks underwear looks like never 
crosses my mind, I have always thought it odd that anyone was curious about 
my underwear. Maybe I am just odd that way.    ﻿Genial el video! Podrían traducirlo al español y otros idiomas. :)﻿mormons are true because we have proof﻿At first, I was hesitant to watch the video, unsure of its content.  I too 
appreciate the simple and honest description about why we wear garments, 
both daily and in holy temples.  I'm especially hoping that those who are 
not of our faith will gain an understanding and respect of these sacred 
practices.  I have respect for the practices of other religions, whether I 
agree or not.   This film can serve to begin dialogue with others about the 
things that are sacred to us.  It can be a launching point to focus on the 
similarities as well as the differences in the ways that we worship.  ﻿Alguien podría decirme el enlace en español please :)﻿This is a well-made PSA.  Thanks for sharing.﻿Great video! Those who appreciate religious symbols will surely appreciate 
this video :)﻿GRACIAS! buen video y necesario﻿Perfect!!!! :-D :-D :-D﻿Each of us is free to choose whether or not we will learn about and obey 
God's laws.
God has provided covenants as the way for us to choose God and receive 
certain blessings.

In the temple, we make covenants with God. 
We promise to obey God's laws (such as the law of chastity). 
God promises to bless us (such as returning to live with Him and our 
families after this life).

The Savior makes it possible for us to receive God's promised blessings. 
Because of the Savior, there is bright hope that we can learn and change, 
turn to God and be reconciled with Him, be cleansed from our sins, and gain 
the peace, joy, and freedom God promises.

The garment reminds me of my promises to God and that I show my love for 
Him by being obedient to His law....so that I can be free.﻿This is a great video that explains the reason we wear the temple garment. 
 Some of you have asked and this is a great explanation!﻿It ultimately is impossible for another person to offend you or to offend 
me. Believing that another person offended us is fundamentally false.﻿My opinion:
From the inside of a religion, wearing specific clothing is a symbol of 
religious devotion, from the outside, it's a club uniform, it's a way of 
dividing humans into cliques and setting them apart from one another.
"Hey look at me! I'm a Muslim/JW/Jew/Orthodox Jew/etc, not a regular person 
like the rest of you!"

I personally will never be able to believe that a God (especially one that 
is believed to be the creator of ALL people and cultures) requires a club 
uniform.﻿