These people are so dishonest. They disallow gay marriage and even push the 
children of those gay families out of the church. These folks are not 
Christians. They have no idea of the golden rule. These folks must be stood 
up to. They are hypocrites and bigots. They certainly are not Christian: 
"love thy neighbor as thyself." Yea, sure, what dishonest fakes.﻿While I understand the message put here, I must point out one statement 
that is incorrect and I will stand by my position even among General 
Authorities in the church.   The gentleman said "it is not a sin to have 
feelings".   When it comes to "feelings" of sexual immorality involving 
homosexuality, IT IS A SIN!    If one thinks that it is not, need I remind 
you of the scripture that states:

Matthew 5:28
28 But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her 
hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.

This scripture indicates that is not just BEHAVIOR, but actual THOUGHTS AND 
FEELINGS of wanting to do it, not just doing it.

So in that context, let me put it to you differently.   IT IS SIN to even 
LOOK upon another man to want to commit homosexual acts.   Clearly the 
teaching of Matthew 5:28 can be applied to HOMOSEXUALITY and not just 
ADULTERY.    It is a serious error of judgment to claim that having 
FEELINGS of wanting to commit sinful acts is not also a sin.   We are 
judged NOT just by our actions, but also by our THOUGHTS and WORDS!   Lest 
anyone think I am in error, let me quote another scripture:


Alma 12:14
14 For our words will condemn us, yea, all our works will condemn us; we 
shall not be found spotless; and our thoughts will also condemn us; and in 
this awful state we shall not dare to look up to our God; and we would fain 
be glad if we could command the rocks and the mountains to fall upon us to 
hide us from his presence.

Mosiah 4:30
30 But this much I can tell you, that if ye do not watch yourselves, and 
your thoughts, and your words, and your deeds, and observe the commandments 
of God, and continue in the faith of what ye have heard concerning the 
coming of our Lord, even unto the end of your lives, ye must perish. And 
now, O man, remember, and perish not.


The teaching among church leaders that inappropriate homosexual FEELINGS 
will NOT condemn us IS WRONG!   The scriptures clearly state otherwise and 
it would be wise for leaders of the church to remember it is the SAVIOR who 
teaches us truth!   The scriptures are GOD'S will when they are given with 
the POWER OF THE HOLY GHOST!

Remember this and STOP teaching that FEELINGS of HOMOSEXUALITY is NOT 
SIN!   It IS SIN!   The scriptures make it clear!﻿WOW !!! i'm glad that you can't Substitute, Counterfeit,  And Pretend that 
not have AS Man AND A Woman, Being A loving Couple and A bond of True 
Honest and Loving Relationship, Of One Eternal Unity:) ﻿I support marriage equality because I believe in human rights. In my 
country of New Zealand marriage for people of the same gender is legal. 
Homosexuality is the last prejudice for the church to eliminate. ﻿1 Corinthians 6:9﻿This message couldn't have been said any better. The stand of all true 
followers of Christ is to love one another. Many religions including The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints embrace this doctrine of love. 
Christ does not condone sin, but he loves everyone, and we are all sinners. 
We are sinners that need to repent, and be saved by His grace. We all need 
to be washed clean through Christ's atonement. We don't pick which sinners 
to love and which to bully. I love this message We believe if someone acts on romantic attraction to someone of the same 
gender, it's not natural & not good for emotional & spiritual health. It's 
not good for kids they might raise- they would be confused about gender 
roles and not reach full potential. If your parents say you're not allowed 
to do something because it's not safe, that you might get hurt, or hurt 
someone else, you wouldn't consider them to not be loving parents, would 
you? We need to trust God like kids trust their parents....FINALLY i found a clear explanation of what the church beliefs in 
without me sounding rude or having a false or unclear perspective :D proud to be an afghan mormon~!!!What great response that keeps the focus on love, understanding, and agency.Excellent! Well stated.He doesn't condemn anyone. This is why Jesus forgave everyone. Remember 
that Jesus was put to death by religious leaders, potitcal leaders, and 
even His closest friends who chose money and security over peace. It's a 
pattern that's still repeated today. Religious dogma smothers perfection, 
governments breed injustice, and money is debt that creates instability and 
suicide. This tidbit of truth shatters many people's false sense of 
security. The most trusted sources have betrayed humanity. -PeaceYes... but you don't even have to hate the specific sin that the sinner is 
commiting. You have to single out the sin by itself, and abhore it, so that 
YOU yourself never come under it's chains... It is not even about hating 
the sin that the sinner (who most likely is a loved on) is commiting... it 
is about self reflection. This is what Christ was talking about when he 
said - 'he who has no sin, cast the first stone' (at the woman found in 
adultery), he was teaching the Jews about themselves.Hi Pantikian, I don't know about other religous people, but for us who 
belong to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (commonly known 
as Mormons), we make a promise with God himself that we will share the 
truth (as we know it to be) with all who desire to listen. We are not 
commanded to preach to people even when those people are obviously not 
listening or against what we teach (not saying that all Mormon's follow 
this, there are some very zealous ones out there). Cluzygirl13, This IS the open-armed God that is taught to us in our 
religion. You may have a different definition of a 'loving God'... but he 
cannot be a God if he doesn't have rules/laws that he lives by. If we are 
to receive His open arms of love, and receive His love, we must reach our 
hands out in 'obedience' to receive those blessings. Just like a loving 
parent (which He is to us), He sets boundaries and rules for us to obey, so 
that we can be ultimately blessed.There are many people who are in a moment in their lives where they welcome 
that message and invitation to learn more, but you're right that an example 
is enough in many cases. yeaaah.........and you think that means something BESIDES homosexuality? I 
don't think it could be much clearer than that. Its not an issue of entropy. plenty of mormons have sex without 
procreating. Its an issue of whether or not being gay is wrong. Some don't 
think its wrong. because of our beliefs in the Church we will continue to 
stand up for what we believe in. We have that right and Gays have the right 
to oppose that opinion. This isn't a battle of hate. Its a battle of 
agendas. The battle will happen and one will win out over the other. Both 
groups can't be completely satisfied as far as law is concerned.Twice I've seen the comment "God progresses" God no longer has progress. He 
is not a "work in progress" or a student or something or someone who is "on 
his way" People please understand by fervent study of the Scriptures that 
God is an all abounding God and that he now only grows in glory...and that 
is it...he is the pinnacle of perfection and there is no knowledge, power 
or authority above Him.Way to miss the point completely. The Mormon Church believes that 
homosexuals should have all the same rights and privileges as a 
traditionally married couple. They just want to separate it from 
traditional marriage, as that is an institution that's been around since as 
far back as man can remember. I think the real fear here is that over time 
the laws will become so lax that gays will be able to force churches to 
marry them.It's good to see a church with conservative values reach out and 
acknowledge issues such as these in a time when religion in general is 
becoming less popular. They have a right to believe what they want and set standards for their 
church. I appreciate that they're trying to discourage hate, but ultimately the 
message is still the same. If you're gay, you're wrong, and marriage 
shouldn't be allowed to you. That's not the loving and open-armed God I 
want to believe in. its becuz of these reasons that i am proud to stand up and call myself a 
mormon and strongly defend it against closed minded peopleWell I will still be a firm supporter of gay marriage, but fair enough! I 
can respect this argument!i'm glad that he is doing this peacefully and bullying needs to stop i hate 
bullying. i'm a christian and i love god with all my heart but why can't we 
be friends with all people its cool that you have your opinion and i have 
mine but they are not monster we humans are afraid of change and new things 
its fine but they are people to they can love and be free to do whatever 
they want in life. we are made from the same dirt the same two people the 
same god we are all family we should care for them Hey, i have a question. Why do the devout faithful have to go about trying 
to convert others? Is it not enough to simply live a life according to 
their faith and to convert through example instead? In my opinion, since no 
one is perfect, before people go and try to tell others how to live they 
should perfect themselves. @Brawn63 It's the Church's page. They can chose what they want to have on 
their site.@TennesseeSaint Excellent postAMEN THIS HAS MADE ME SO MUCH HAPPIER FOR BEING WHO I AM THANK U GOD,PLEAS 
ELET THIS VIDEO SPREAD@TheThelovelybeauty This is one of the most misunderstood and misused 
portions of Scripture! People who quote the phrase from Matthew 7:1, "Judge 
not, that ye be not judged." Most people will stop right there, and 
conclude, "Jesus said don't judge." But we've got to read on to see this in 
context, so that we can determine what he was really saying.@Damomandoa ....and everybody tolerate each other's differences! Sounds 
good to me too! (:While I whole heartedly disagree with the fundamental doctrine of the LDS 
church, I find this instance of outreach and pursuing peace inspiring. If 
more people could put their differences aside like this, there would be 
less fear and violence in the world.I believe there is a good way to handle things and a bad way you can tell 
someone in a nice way thats its wrong what they are doing and let them 
check it out for themselves and see but you dont have to treat them them 
badly I agree with what he is saying @Conservative4 you should meet with the missionaries then.Very well said! Thank you for finally publicly voicing the fact that Jesus 
would NEVER endorse cruelty, not even against those who sin. In fact, 
especially against those who sin or who struggle with temptation to sin. I 
wish everyone would watch this: Christians so that they can understand how 
they should behave toward others, and non-Christians so they can hear what 
the true Christian position and belief is regarding sin and homosexuality.While I disagree with a number of the beliefs of the Mormon faith, I 
totally agree with them on this issue. We are to love thesinner, and hate 
the sin. NOT the other way around. Love and pray for all others we believe 
are in sin.that was well played by the church.You can love someone and still condemn their sin. That's all Jesus ever 
did. I'm atheist :)I'm not a Mormon but I am a Christian. This made my day when i saw this 
video. I'm am proud of any Christian that can come out and make a black and 
white statement that many are afraid to do in leadership!@ImaNutNBlue God bless you =)@LolliNerd Wrong some of the people who commented clearly didn't listen to what he said.@Kushan250 hey man i've been helping you out by responding to a lot of 
peoples question on the reference its 1 corinthians 6:9-10 next time 
remember to include that so people won't question your sources. :) God 
bless ya dude @LifterwiII 1 Corinthians 6: 9-10I am LDS and I love this statement, and for any who disagree, "What I the 
Lord have spoken, I have spoken, and I excuse not myself; and though the 
heavens and the earth pass away, my word shall not pass away, but shall all 
be fulfilled, whether by mine own voice or by the voice of my servants, it 
is the same." Doctrine and Covenants 1:38I am an Ex-Mormon and strongly opposed to the viewpoints of the church and 
Christianity in general in most cases. However, in this video, I see a 
calm, rational call for civility and a forthright statement of opinion, 
which I think is needed on both sides. You cannot truly disagree with 
anything if you do not understand it.Yay Mormons! I've been looking for a church that adequately expresses my 
personal beliefs. Methodism is perhaps a bit soft. Pleasant. But soft... 
This is a church that takes a fair and firm stance.Although I am not a Mormon I am Christian. I do fully agree that any kind 
of sexual immorality including homosexuality or even sex out side of 
marriage and adultery are condemnable by eternal death but no one should 
persecute anyone for their behavior outside of the life of God. Jesus said 
this Love one another as I have loved you by this all men will know you as 
my disciples. It calls for discipline in all areas of ones life following 
Jesus. @magewarrior57 I believe that God progresses but he does not change. Sin is 
sin, always has been, always will be. A god that can "figure something out" 
is not God. But i dont know if that was your point. I think this video 
showed the Mormon churches stance very well.how about everybody love everybody? sounds pretty good to me.Thank you, Michael, for your response. I am in complete agreement.this was a good move for the church, they were being very mature @angelsrone many here have said that the word homosexuality is not said in 
the bible as it is a modern term. God used the basic description in Romans 
11:26-27 (please read this for yourself). Your right that God does not 
"label us" but states what is right and wrong in the Holy word of God 
(bible). As far as all go to heaven Jesus said "I am the way the truth and 
the life, no one cometh unto the father but by me." so not everyone goes to 
heaven according to the bible. He is the final Judge.I appreciate him saying that ALL sexual activity outside of marriage is 
sin. I am sickened with so many single Christians engaging in sex, living 
together, having multiple partners. The Bible calls us out, to be holy, to 
be different. If someone watching Christians can't tell the difference 
between them & the unbelieving world, the devil has won a battle. 
Homosexuality is a sin; so is any sex outside of marriage of 1 man & 1 
woman. God's Word is never grey on such areas. Let us be HOLY.@LolliNerd Lolli .. although in every instance of your scripture quotes you 
are in error, I will only addres the Genesis 19 comment. The reason why God 
destroyed Sodom is found in Ezekiel 16:49,50. Before you say that the 
term"Abominations" in verse 50 is speaking of homosexuality, I would remind 
you that Ezekiel used the Hebrew word TOEVAH which is abomination as it 
applies to Idol Worship .. not ZIMMAH which is abomination referring to 
sexual sin. I couldn't disagree more strongly with you.@Kushan250 Kushan .. I am interested in knowing where Jesus Christ said 
that .. "Homosexual offenders shall not inherit the kingdom of heaven." Be 
very careful with your answer because I DO know what I am talking about and 
I DO know the answer to the question I am asking you. Are you game to be 
honest and tell me?I am not a follower of the LDS but I do follow my saviour Jesus Christ and 
reading thru these posts read Romans 1 and was amazed that this topic was 
spoken and so glad as I have struggled with claims that they are born that 
way or a man is born in a womans body. I still dont know everything but 
God;s word is clear about homosexuality. I always said God loves the sinner 
but hates the sin. This was a good thing the LDS did.Surpassingly well spoken. I was kind of expecting a sort of crusade against 
homosexuality. This is actually the stance that most (all) people should 
take at the very least. That regardless of other people's ideas, feelings, 
and beliefs, they still deserve to be treated like people.@shandycho . Personally I find that we are all sinners that we should live 
judgement to God.@peacebarry 1 Corinthians 6:9&10. Romans 1:18-32. Genesis 19 aka "Sodom & 
Gomorrah." (This is where the words "sodomy/sodomite" came from. Because of 
homosexual immorality, God destroyed these cities due to their sin, 
perversion, lust & their evil ways.) The Bible is clear. I have homosexual 
friends-- I love them! But loving someone doesn't mean you'll agree with 
everything they do or stand for. It's like family; you love each other but 
at times you WILL disagree. -Disagreeing is not hating.@peacebarry 1 Corinthians 6:9-10, read it Second, there is fornication, the 
illicit sex acts of unmarried persons which is likewise forbidden (I 
Corinthians 5:1; 6:13, 18; Ephesians 5:3) Leviticus 18:22, 20:13 just to 
name a few..........................@peacebarry I don't know the page number, but Romans 1:26-27 clearly 
condemns homosexuality (not homosexuals but homosexuality...just thought 
I'd add that distinction.)Any particular sin is not the issue at all. Paul said all have sinned and 
fallen short of the glory of God. The question for every single person is 
that knowing you are a sinner ( and anybody over the age of awareness is ), 
when you stand in front of a righteous God ( by righteous I mean holy, 
perfect, unassailable) and make a reconing for your life, are you going to 
rely on your own actions which are circumspect already, or rely on the only 
sacrifice worthy of God's forgiveness. @LadyAzraelina i believe in Jesus Christ too, and i don't think mormons are 
right with everything else they believe, but i do like this stand. i guess 
we are all christians though. @peacebarry The whole part of God destroying Soddom and Gomorrah. Sorry I 
don't have my Bible handy to tell you the exact page, but I hope that 
answers your question. Have a good day! :)I am not a Mormon but i do believe in what the Holy Bible says and Gods 
word is very clear on it. But we should all Love and Respect everyone 
regardless to what they are as we are all children of God. And only God can 
judge us as we cannot judge anyone. @Kushan250 Excuse me but I was wondering where you were quoting that from 
exactly?...Gays should be allowed to legally marry for legal recognition, but I don't 
believe churches should be forced to partake in wedding two men or two 
women. If they want to, then let them, but they shouldn't have to. This 
way, everyone has equal legal rights, but we're not suppressing religion. 
It's seems kind of hard to find someone running for any office with this 
thinking, though, but luckily I found that Ron Paul has this view and he's 
running for president, too.@benhli37 AMEN@Kushan250 yeah but he also says to obey his commandments and most 
Christians can't even keep the Sabbath day holy and don't worry about using 
his name in vain (how often do you hear "oh my God" now a days? I consider 
it a pretty vain use). In fact, most all Christian churches are totally 
ignoring this, except for the LDS Church they seem to be the only peoplethis was good progress for the Mormon society. as a homosexual, i can't ask 
for anything more. kudos(:@Quietstorm143 u have hit the truth of the matterwow i didnt know they could be so progressive @tfwaters - By "His authorized servants" you mean only those 'Mormons'/LDS 
members ordained to specific offices, right? In LDS scripture, Doctrine & 
Covenants/D&C 132 it equates eternal lives with literal godhood, not only a 
celestial salvation, but the highest level of celestial salvation. Are U 
saying "eternal joy and happiness" is godhood, or that all in celestial 
kingdom ('heaven' is best non-LDS counterpart), no matter what level?@thegreatsuzini1979 The word 'homosexuality' is not written ANYWHERE in the 
bible. It says 'man shall not lie with man'. Just sayin. Well said.@kjb2835 Amen.@TheFirestorm304 You are way off base. How does it follow after Jesus? 
Whatever that means.@AMcGrath82 That's why we believe in the infallibiliy of the "original" 
autographs. I sincerely hope you don't believe yourself. No one could make 
up the Bible if they tried. Call it a guess, but I bet you have never read 
through the entire Bible to judge for yourself, have you? You just believe 
everyone else, and think it's your excuse before God. I pray God will grant 
you eyes to see the truth.@imrhh Sounds like a cop-out to me. You don't understand what you say. 
Hypocricy is condemning something that you do, not condemning something 
someone else does that you don't practice. Read Romans 2:1 - Therefore you 
have no excuse, everyone of you who passes judgment, for in that which you 
judge another, you condemn yourself; for you who judge practice the same 
things." The key word is "for (or the reason why). That's throwing stones 
and living in a glass house.@Greystoke1980 So are you saying that because we are supposed to love all 
of God's children regardless that we are supposed to love murderers and 
child molesters? I agree that we should not judge them but does that mean 
we should accept them just as they are and allow their sin to continue? When you put it "why people are so concerned with people BEING homosexual," 
you're phrasing it in a way which isn't the same worldview of others. So, 
that's probably WHY you don't understand it, because you don't understand 
the different worldview. What are the diff worldviews? (Worldview 1) People 
are born homosexual or straight (Worldview 2) All people are born straight, 
but some BECOME homosexual (I won't debate here how the mentality develops. 
But I will just say for anyone to say it can't@taea04 "I may be wrong" I love it! Very true. I'd have a 'field day" 
analyzing a statement such as this! "I dont know why people are so 
concerned." Seriously? I think it's fine that people disagree, 
respectfully. I find it pretty easy to understand the beliefs of others. 
You simply have to "jump into" their mindset, or understand where they are 
coming from.@AMcGrath82 You are right. Thank you for making a level headed, thought out 
comment amidst the sea of trolls. The scripture must be read with proper 
context, and with the understanding that it has been written and translated 
by imperfect humans, thusly flaws and inconsistencies are bound to appear. 
It is up to the reader to seek the truth amidst the writings, and to 
discern the opinions of the writers from the word of god. @Greystoke1980 in the BIBLE it says homosexuality is an "abomination to 
God" so you need to read up. Christ loved all...but he hated homosexuality. 
Love the sinner not the sin@pacerboy11 We are commanded to judge sin. We cannot judge a person's 
heart, but must judge their behavior. Homosexuality is not an identity but 
a behavior. @jgallo02 There is no such thing as same sex marriage as marriage is a 
union between one man and one woman. wow I dont know why people are so concerned with people being homosexual. 
It is their life so let them live it the way they choose to. You do not 
have to right to judge anyone. I may be wrong but it is absolutely none of 
your business. They will face judgement one day but not by you so give it a 
rest please.@metallicarox80s Yeah, I just learned about the completely unprovoked Hans 
Mill massacre in seminary this morning. If that event in history doesn't 
tell you something, I'm not sure what will.@angelmarauder Indeed...unfortunately, I have run into a couple of them on 
facebook...I tell ya, there's a bit of a war going on on the Book of Mormon 
page right now, and it's always the same people fighting it (I myself have 
been one of the disputers on the lds side for a while).@tfwaters So if a person feels love for the opposite sex, it's not because 
God made them that way? I'm sorry, but I've read plenty of Bible passages 
that I feel were the work of man -- not God -- hence the endorsement of 
slavery and the events where God slew men for trivial reasons. I do not 
believe God endorsed or even did these things -- man, via his free will, 
wrote them into the Bible -- so why is it we can now admit slavery is 
wrong, when the bible says otherwise?@37kittywilson Is that so? No one knew...Homosexuality is a sin. Straight up! But WE have no right to judge anyone 
who is homosexual, only God has that right. We are commanded to love them 
as we would love ourselves, no if's, and's or but's about it. You don't 
have to like the way homosexuals act, but if you have Jesus in your heart, 
you HAVE to love them as yourself. Have a nice day.LUST: Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatry, 
witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, 
heresies, envying, murders, drunkenness, reveling, without understanding, 
covenant-breakers, without natural-affection, implacable, unmerciful, 
trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that 
are good. @AMcGrath82 When in question, the senior Apostle Paul expounded upon the 
difference between lust and love. While addressing Timothy and the Galatian 
Saints by epistle, Paul listed the "works of the flesh" (lust) and the 
"fruits of the spirit" (love) and gave the eternal results of both----Since the very beginning Jehovah (Jesus Christ) condemned all things that 
lead to our eventual destruction. We were given commandments to help us 
circumvent physical and spiritual destruction while receiving the blessings 
that this life has to offer as we walk on the "strait and narrow path" that 
leads to life eternal (eternal joy and happiness). I am grateful to 
understand these principles of success that he gave us through His 
authorized servants as found in the scriptures. This is the path to progress. Why can't more Christians think like this?@JohnMGilbert agreed. Leave the church alone. Those who continually seek to 
find fault in others are only trying to justify their own.