I love this little explanation: We are here for a higher purpose. We are 
children of a loving Father in Heaven. We are on our way back to Heaven. 
That is why we go to the Temple.﻿Temples are the House of the Lord on earth.﻿A really great explanation and introduction to temples.﻿A minha vontade e der ir no templo , e assistir o cultos , mas a vergonha e 
timidez minha nao deixa , ﻿How many people coming here as none Mormons are finding this convincing? ﻿I know that this is the true church of God the Father and His Son Jesus 
Christ.﻿amen brother love the video Beautiful Video..I love it.. Thanks for sharing. The world is in need of more strong ministries, whom has the courage and 
are not shame of going into public areas of living communities .Visits in 
the past strengthen my Temple body with Jesus Christ.Thanks for sharing this beautiful video. I scrolled down expecting troll comments polluting the faith-promoting 
comments of those actually enjoying this video. To my great surprise and 
joy, there were none!!! Let's keep it that way! I've seen too many great 
videos with non-related hate ruining the comment base. Like if you agree!"For us it is not secret, is sacred". Completely right. Love this video. 
PLEASE! We want it in ESPAÑOL!! In order to share it with our friends. :) Beautifully done. Well said. Simply amazingThis is an excellent video. I am not a Mormon but I love this video. It is 
informative, respectful, and very positive. Thanks for posting this. Great video on Latter-day temples. It was well presented and Elder Walker's 
explanation was excellent. Great work. Thank you.I don't like this....I LOVE IT!!! I just posted this on my Facebook status. Perfect video to share with 
friends and families who are wondering about the LDS temple. We're going in 
just a couple days to celebrate and worship with our oldest son who will be 
a missionary soon!Thank You for making this video, I hope this will help my Non-LDS friends 
understand more about my faith & Especially Temple Worship that is Sacred 
Not Secret!Thank you for this beautiful video. This says exactly what I would love to 
say to my friends and family. Very well done video, and excellent explanations of such a sacred subject. Very well done. Those in my family who have waited patiently outside. This 
shows what happens inside and what it looks like.Thanks for this video. I loved it,Wow, this was really good! Spot on!I absolutely love this video. Perfectly and divinely explained. Precisamos desse video em Português!! O Templo é a Casa do Senhor e nós do 
Rio de Janeiro/Brasil estamos muito felizes com a notícia que teremos um 
templo aqui em nossa cidade. Deus nos ama e nos conhece e quer que sejamos 
muito felizes, o templo torna isso possível. O Evangelho está restaurado e 
é uma grande benção em nossas vidas. Fantastic video!! One of the best movie about temple! Everything was explained very clearly 
and many people will understand now the purpose of these Sacred TemplesBeautiful buildings indeed.Wonderful video. Worth asking frineds and family to view it, particularly 
for those who are not able to go to the Temple to witness a marriage 
sealing.- Pienso lo mismo, seria bueno tener este video en Espa~nol. Tengo muchos 
amigos y conocidos que hablan solo Espa~nol. Gracias! - I agree, it would 
be nice to have this video in Spanish. I have many friends and 
acquaintances that only speak Spanish. Thanks.Beautiful! Ever so thankful for the Restoration!! Could we please have this 
translated in FRENCH. Beautiful depiction of the House of the Lord. I hope everyone gets a chance 
to watch this and have it inspire them to want these blessing which tie 
families together and seal them to Christ.Temple ... House of the Lord ... and that should be all ...The ordinances in the House of God are ineffable: 1) Too great or extreme 
to be expressed or described in words: "ineffable beauty"; 2) Too sacred to 
be uttered.Muy interesante que el mundo pueda conocer la verdad restaurada. Si fuera 
posible tenerlo en español. GraciasThis is very beautiful and true.Im not a mormon but i have great respect 
for them this is a great video and my only suggestion would be to flash the location 
of each temple that is shown throughout the presentation.Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!! I've been waiting a long time for the 
Church to produce something like this! This is perfect. temples are really are sacred..this is a good video to be watched by members and even non-members..:] this 
video about the temple encourages me to go to the temple to do the 
ordinances...What a fantastic video! EVERYBODY should see this! Especially all those who 
wonder what temples are about, and whats going on inside them! All those 
who conspire for any reason, considering temples and the work that takes 
place for the living and dead Sons and Daughters of God, should see this, 
pray (you DO pray?), and feel the fantastic work that is done for us all - 
and those who lived before us! It's a great and marvelous job! Done by 
dedicated members of the Church! God bless!this was so great! very informative, and Spirit-filled! <3 I love the 
Temple!! "I'm going there someday..." :,)this was so great! very informative, and Spirit-filled! <3 I love the 
Temple!!POR FAVOR QUEREMOS TENER ESTE VÍDEO EN ESPAÑOL !!! GRACIASGreat video, well done. 