Do Seventh Day Adventists work on Sundays? Think about it, the commandment 
says "SIX DAYS you will labor and do all of your work , and on the seventh 
day you will rest." So then, it is just as much a commandment to work six 
days (instead of five like most do) as it is to take off on the seventh 
day. If not, why not?
Reply ·﻿During Stake Conference training yesterday it was plainly said, "if God 
keeps the Sabbath day Holy so should I, if I break it It is akin to 
committing adultery." Now before you comment just sit & think. I have 
always known to keep the Sabbath Holy but next time I am on vacation or ... 
I will use this comparison in my life & try to ensure that I plan to keep 
it sacred as I do in my marriage for I value my relationship with Heavenly 
Father above all others. I am grateful for all He provides for my family & 
I, the Hope, the Holy Spirit which guides us throughout our lives if only 
we do the things he asks.﻿I can't see where any kind of direction was given for families of things 
that are "legal" to do on the Sabbath.

Are we allowed to:

Take a walk.

Visit the sick.

Visit family.

Comfort a homeless person.

Write letters to missionaries (the one thing that was mentioned - a whole 
ONE.) So this was a "yes".

Studying scriptures as a family.

Playing scripture based games.

Watching scripture based videos.

Now... can the leadership actually say if these are ok?  Direction isn't 
direction unless SOME specifics are given.  This isn't asking for detailed 
"how to" days, this is just a plea to give those of us who NEED to know the 
information to be able to make the best of our Sabbath days and do what the 
LORD wants us to do.

Just direction... please.﻿I appreciate this direction greatly. It places emphasis on one of the 
almost-forgotten teachings of our Christian faith. The importance of 
Sabbath Day. It brings to remembrance the important teachings we first 
received on earth regarding the development of this earth. In the first 
chapter of Genesis we are taught well the importance of our actions on this 
Holy Day. Thank you for the gentle reminder.﻿