I thank my God for living Prophets!!﻿Remember Elder Oaks is not just an Apostle in The Church Of Jesus Christ Of 
Latter Day Saints, he was first a lawyer. He served a term on the Utah 
State Supreme Court, and was a Republican candidate for the US Supreme 
Court. He's well versed with the law and the legal standards that have 
governed our country since its founding. You can take his opinion as not 
just a religious leader, but a legal expert as well. I just love Elder Oaks 
and the way he can summarize a complex issue. There is no right in the constitution of a freedom from religion. Churches 
all over the country are being sued and forced to pay dues to gay couples 
because they refuse to allow them to use the church property for a wedding 
service. This is not only outrageous, but so unconstitutional. The Constitution is a secular document, and all government-based 
institutions (including public schools) should be secular as well. That 
doesn't restrict the right of the Christian majority to practice their 
religion, it just prevents Christians from treading all over the right of 
others' freedom from their religion.Thank you for that wonderful comment! People have the right to not agree 
with our doctrine. If they don't, that's their choice. But it's nice not to 
be misunderstood or misrepresented. @BlissfulHeretic1 Criticism should not involved intimidation and mobs.@z1freerider Your statement operates under the assumption that the law is 
more important than religion, and that the justification for law is less 
imaginary than religion. Religious freedom is generally more important than 
law. The only time religious freedom is not more important than law is when 
religious freedom exerts material and fundamental harm against unalienable 
rights. Example: If it is against the law to proselyte, and proselyting is 
part of one's religion, the law is in the wrong.yes, it is an important topic.WonderfulThe truth will be out even if 1 person out of 25 doesn't like it.all the best sonia&familiyA correct understanding of the foundation of religious freedom in the 
United States is critical for people of faith to understand. I hope that 
this helps to strengthen more people and encourage them to raise their 
voices on moral issues in society.I love this Elder Oaks!! Puts a lot of things into perspective.I like this interview because I believe in religious freedom as one of the 
core foundations of America in the Constitution. It's always seemed to me that the fundamental flaw in "being religious but 
not belonging to any organized religion" is that this then assumes that God 
either a) doesn't care what religion we belong to b) hasn't bothered to 
organize a religion on this Earth that worships Him as He would want it to 
or c) is incapable of doing so. It's great to belong to a religion that is 
organized by Jesus Christ and isn't afraid to speak the truth but does so 
in as polite a manner as possible.Brother Oaks is a very wise man. I'm glad to have him as one of our leaders.