I love the way he speech a inspire words for a holly man﻿is the Mormon President, the Mormon Pope.﻿uchtdorf aviation reference.....check!﻿I wish that I'd seen something like this 25 years ago..I can't wait to be 
baptized!﻿I don't know Mr. Uchtdorf but why did he say so much in agreement with 
Obama on his Illegal Amnesty proposals.  Also, the Utah Compact statements 
don't seem to follow the Churches' usual support of the Constitution.﻿Great man of God! Dear Lord, send more such men! 😇﻿I really admire his humbling example of humility as he deliver his talk.﻿Every Church Member Will Greatly Benefit From Watching And Listening To 
This Video. Future Church Members Will Benefit From The Same. Enjoy. ﻿"BYU is the most popular school in America based on the proportion of 
students accepted to a school who opt to attend." :)﻿I like Predent Uchtdorf's Adress I love his videos.The completion of a new chapel ever second business day? THAT is progress! What a stud :)I'm pretty sure all Missionaries would love to teach the first discussion 
just like Uchtdorf! I'm currently a student at BYU-Hawaii and I'm working 
on a research paper. I took a break to watch this video- I wish I could 
connect my ideas together as well as he does. His message flows and applies 
appropriately to his audience. Just the inspiration I needed ;)what is he wearing on his lapel?Nice speech."And we try not to just come in as long as the camera's are there, we like 
to stay until the job is done. We have learned that we are most effective 
in our humanitarian efforts when we focus on long term goals...." Love it. Wonderful! I love President Uchtdorf. Such a fantastic example of how to be a good 
human being.Awsome!!!Fantastic Speech!I love this man. He's great. He reminds me of my late Grandpa. He spoke very eloquently.always good sonia&familyI really really Love this man, I wish I can meet him someday just to say a 
simple thank youPresident Uchtdorf is such an inspiring speaker. He invites the spirit 
wherever he is speaking. It's moments like this when I'm proud to be a member of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints