Elder Scott chose some pretty awesome people to be up there with him. That 
brother was my MTC teacher, very awesome dude. LOL "everything she does makes me happy."HouiiiiSi alguin más quiere eschucarlo en espanol o portugues ahora sé que hay una 
opción para seleccionar un idioma en el sitio principal de mensajes 
mormonas aqui en youtube. No sé si tienen este discurso pero hay otros.@jejumua El élder Scott habla de su difunta esposa. Él habla de ser uno con 
su esposa y el Señor. Él nos pide que siguen confiando en el Señor de 
orientación y apoyo. Le pide que sigamos para orar y leer las Escrituras a 
diario juntos. Siempre, elogiar a su compañero y encorporate Dios en todas 
las cosasI absolutely love Elder Scott! I truly believe that he is the most 
benevolent and eloquent Apostle ever. This man really truly loves and loved 
his wife! Personally speaking, I didn't really care for this couple. I 
think Elder Scott was trying to get out some of the struggles that this 
couple goes though. They DID NOT provide this info. This couple are not 
typical in todays society. It is VERY difficult to be the mantle of the 
family. God Bless you Elder Scott! I love you brother!porfavor subtitula este video para las personas que no hablan ingles para 
saber aun mas de este gran testador de DIOSmy husband and i were in active for a while when we met eachother we 
started going to church but it wasnt a lot. we how ever got married after 
we had our now two year old. its really hard for us to get the hang of goin 
every sunday but now that we are expecting out daughter another gift from 
our heavenly father we are realizing the great need of being sealed. we are 
not perfect but we are trying. im so greatful for this talk it has brought 
me peacei've received this. Thank Youolá... onde consigo em portugues esse discuso? para baixar.... so consigo 
no site oficial.... WOW! what a powerful testimony of eternal families. I'm so grateful for 
temples and to be sealed to my wife and children for time and all eternity.First to comment! Good talk by Elder Scott!That was fantastic and so meaningful!im sorry to hear that your wife passed on.. you and her have shared many 
different situations so many blessings so much of your experiences speak 
through your person.. you did a great job speaking on marriage and love.. i 
cant fully understand it cause i havnt been in love but i can see that you 
have.. I say good job and may your testimony of Jesus Christ be enriched 