I was a worried at first because I wanted to sure that the book was true. I 
prayed, and I was told I a dream that it was true and to have faith. God 
came from heaven down a staircase and gave a family the first book of 
Nephi. the family I do not know, and I never saw gods face, but the father 
of the family said, " the Lord is teaching us to have faith" the last I 
remember was a vision of a river and God saying have faith. I am a 
believer.﻿Goes the same in reverse too though, doesn't it? If you are praying to know 
it is true, your WILL eventually convince yourself that it is. Let me ask, 
what would you say to someone that said they read the book, prayed, and 
concluded it was NOT true? If you are honest, you will realize there are no 
acceptable reasons for that conclusion. "you didn't pray hard enough, you 
don't really want to know, you need to keep reading, you don't have 
faith...etc, etc." No testimony? You are doing it wrongI am so grateful for the Holy Bible and The Book of Mormon.Before you condemn revelations from on High, give a fair test, as shown in 
Moroni 10:4,5. By the way the first five books come from the plates of 
brass in posession of Laban, in Jerusalem in 600 BC. It is the same source 
as the same record carried into the Bible. I conclude it is powerful. Dont 
miss it. Your conclusion needs your reconsideration in an honest search. It 
is a powerful witness of the living Christ. If you knew what it contains 
you would say Why was I not told? I ask you to read.IF you read it you cannot deny it. To say Blasphemy without reading it. Wow!Nephi 1 3:7 and it came to pass, that i nephi said unto my father: i will 
go and do the things wich th lord hath commanded. for i know that the lor 
giveth no commandment unto the xhildren of men, save he shall prepare a way 
for them, that the may acomplish th thing which he commanded them. now who 
could fake that. i was born a mormon and i will die a mormon. and i will 
never deny the truth of the gospelThis is literal Blasphemy. How can anyone believe this? The Bible is the 
only word of God.Many commenters state that the Book of Mormon has brought them closer to 
God. The problems in these scriptures concerning genetic links between the 
Americas and middle Eastern people, the lack of a linguistic link between 
these same peoples, the complete absence of any external evidence 
concerning places or people in these scriptures is quite unique. The bible 
has verifiable people and places. The Book of Mormon does not. Still many 
claim to have been brought closer to God. Amen! I am so happy you have found the fulfillment of the Gospel and it has 
blessed your life :) It is wonderful, and changes lives. With all respect, you never read the BOM with a sincere desire to know of 
its truth. You read it to find fault and you will not receive a witness of 
its truth - you lack faith and genuine desire. Did you ask in faith? Having 
read the KJV and the BOM, I fail to see the plagiarism. NO other book has 
brought me closer to the Savior or Heavenly Father. The invitation is to read the Book of Mormon and decide for yourself if it 
is true. If you put forth the effort with all sincerity you will receive an 
answer to it's truthfulness.This book is the greatest treasure on the earth today. It is an ancient 
record of people in America that has a great dealing with God and their 
community. Only those who will seek, read and ponder this book shall know 
of a surety that the God of heaven are mindful to each of us and teaching 
us how to come back to him once again. Lots of bashers on here. Whether the Book of Mormon is true or not will 
always be argued by believer and non believers. But something that nobody 
can deny or argue is the fact that whoever reads and follows the teachings 
contained in the Book of Mormon will surely feel the spirit and draw closer 
to God. This happened to me and I witnessed the same think happen to 
hundreds of others on my mission. Why bash something that has brought peace 
and happiness to millions of people? I'll never understandUnless I miss read, your statement makes no sense... There where many 
Prophets, and many of them scribes who obviously witnessed the same thing. 
All the Gospels that were translated were done so with the limited 
knowledge that they had of the language(s) at the time of translation. So 
yes! Many of it would be Verbatim. So what your statement tells me is that 
it is in fact possible that the Book of Mormon is in fact legit.Excellent video. Read and ponder. Believe.This is a question I had a while back too, The thing is that "the fullness 
of the gospel" is what we call "The Doctrine of Christ". It is a pattern of 
Faith, Repentance, Baptism, Receiving the Gift of The Holy Ghost, and 
Enduring to the end" 2 Nephi 31, and 3 Nephi 11 talk a lot about this (pay 
attention to 3 nephi 11:39-40). So while, those principles that you 
mentioned are not talked about in the Book of Mormon, the pattern as a 
whole is established.I read the BOM at a time when I was also studying the KJVO movement. 
Immediately I noticed that the BOM plagiarized from the KJV often. 
Unfortunately whoever wrote the BOM didn't take into account (or didn't 
know) that the KJV contains translation errors. Interestingly enough 
several KJV translation mistakes are found (sometimes verbatim) in the BOM. 
This was sufficient evidence for me to conclude that the BOM is not the 
ancient record Smith claimed it to be. My girlfriend is an LDS Mormon, and I'm a non-believer (ex-Christian). I'm 
currently reading the Book of Mormon as she requested I do — if the Book of 
Mormon is comparable to the Bible, then I'm confident I'll end up with more 
questions than answers.Sadly, MANY details of the early church of Jesus of Christ have been lost, 
including ALL of the original manuscripts of the Old and New Testaments. 
Perhaps we may one day find the place(s) where one or more were hidden 
anciently, but until that day, we must have faith in the various copies and 
derivative works. The divine events that uncovered the Book of Mormon HELP 
in that process, contributing support to the Bible, etc. Faith is required 
in all of these cases equally.Miracles are like that. They are, well.... "miraculous". And the Book of 
Mormon is a miracle. The miracles that brought us the Book of Mormon are 
generally consistent with other well-known miracles as described in the 
Bible. I hope you can find faith to accept the general notion of divine 
miracles. The Book of Mormon can be helpful in that regard, because the 
evidence of its eyewitnesses and supportive, modern discoveries, ADDS, in 
general, to the body of evidence in support of other miracles.It is well known that prominent, precolumbian Mayan murals, recently 
discovered, include vivid images depicting both light-skinned and 
dark-skinned ancient Americans co-mingling. A huge mural dominating the 
official museum at Mexico's "Chichen Itza" (a reproduction commissioned by 
the modern Mexican government with reference to original sources still 
available in the ruins) is a fine example that was still displayed when I 
last visited there a few years back.Use the Book of Mormon as the basis of your test. When it was published in 
1830, 12 eyewitnesses testified that they had all seen superhuman details 
of its divine publication. Since that time, NO ordinary explanation has 
ever accounted for the existence, contents, and eyewitnesses of the Book of 
Mormon without reference to superhuman power. Study it. Pray about it. Then 
ask yourself: "WHO wrote this? HOW were the 12 eyewitnesses so irreversibly 
convinced?" Divine power will be evident!It is interesting to note that Jesus Christ never saw "The Bible" as we now 
know it during his earthly ministry. Neither did Peter or Paul, etc. Those 
who ascribe the word "Christian" only to current Biblical compendiums would 
exclude those early followers of Christ. The evidence is also clear that 
MANY early Christian leaders did not subscribe to the definition of the 
"Trinity" as codified in the contentious council of Nice in 325 AD. Were 
they Christians? Not by that definition!The Book of Mormon suggests that Mormon, a righteous, inspired historian 
and military leader, gathered and condensed older sets of records to create 
the bulk of what we now call "The Book of Mormon" in the late 4th century. 
He was killed in 385 AD. During the next 36 years, his son "Moroni" added 
additional chapters. The last notations are believed to have been written 
in 421 AD.My speculation: When the Lehites arrived in America, the land was "virgin" 
and had not been searched for gold. Gold may have been relatively prevalent 
at first. I believe it was used for preservation of their records due to 
its obvious durability. It is known that the middle eastern cultures from 
which the Lehites emerged had used metal plates for similar purposes.Eight eyewitnesses who examined them said: "Joseph Smith Junior, the 
translator of this work, has shown unto us the plates of which hath been 
spoken, which have the appearance of gold; and as many of the leaves as the 
said Smith has translated we did handle with our hands; and we also saw the 
engravings thereon, all of which has the appearance of ancient work, and of 
curious workmanship." I know what you mean when you say "chapters and verses have been added", 
but that statement could be misinterpreted. It would be more accurate to 
say that the DIVISIONS of the text, into chapters and verses, are newer 
than the original edition text. The current system of chapters and verses 
was established by the Apostle Orson Pratt. I think that work was completed 
in 1879. Original editions had different chapter divisions but no 
numeration of verses.The Book of Mormon is a FRIEND to the Bible. Evidence of the Book of Mormon 
is ALSO evidence of the Bible. It CONFIRMS the basic history, message, and 
doctrines of the Bible. The 12 eyewitnesses to its divine discovery and 
production reaffirmed, over and over again and again, that BOTH the Bible 
and Book of Mormon are true, because they SAW divine events confirming 
BOTH. None of the 12 eyewitnesses ever said he had been deceived. All went 
to their graves reaffirming the truth of both books.You can know for yourself just like anyone else who testifies of it knows. 
You don't need to have any doubt in your mind. Read it and follow Moroni' s 
promise at the end. It will answer your question and change your life, like 
it's done for me. I know it's true without a doubt, but I had to do a lot 
of pondering and studying to be able to say that.The Bible is the word of Goddoes anyone know if lds will still send free books of mormon? i want one, 
can someone please tell me how to get one for free if possible? thank you.If you have a smart phone, there is a free app called LDS Gospel Library. 
It contains both the Bible and Book of Mormon audio along with text. It is 
a great app and it's completely free! Made for this day, eh? It's good to know that for 2,000 years he waited 
around for YOU guys to show up so he could enlighten the world and save us 
from sin. Good, logical thinking. Hello My name is Elder Price and i would like to share with you the most 
amazing book <3Hasa Diga Eebowai. Tomorrow is a Latter Day. Though I'd like to know more 
about Kolob. I'm not much for Sci-Fi. How is your reading coming along. I am LDS and I know without a doubt in my 
mind that The Book OF Mormon is True, Just remember, Moroni 10:3-5; Christ 
gives us a promise there that we shall know the truth about this book. Pray 
and ask for yourself, you will be Happy you did!You can REALLY BELIEVE this. All you have to do is read for yourself. You 
will know through reading and prayer that The Book of Mormon is TRUE! You 
have nothing to lose by just giving it a try.Judging by these comments, there must be hardcore censorship here. o.o I don't know who wrote the BOM or how long it took to complete... but I do 
know it's a fraud. Whoever wrote the BOM plagiarized extensively from the 
KJV. When doing so they unknowingly copied some KJV translation errors into 
it's text. For example, 2 Nephi 27:27 is taken from Isaiah 29:15,16. Verse 
16a contains a translation error (the part about the potter's clay). Modern 
versions correct the erroneous sentence but notice how the BOM records the 
KJV's unique translation mistake verbatim. Where are the gold plates? sew's my Dad has been all his life & he's 85. anybody who knows anything has heard of this so thought would look into 
it .Hi.You can. Read the Book of Mormon and receive the witness for yourself.To Those Who Care, God is real. Jesus Christ is the Son of God. They love 
you. Faith means to have confidence in God without seeing Him. We show our 
confidence by following Jesus Christ. We learn how to follow Jesus Christ 
by prayerfully studying scriptures. The Holy Ghost testifies of truth as we 
live the gospel principles. The Book of Mormon is scripture and helps us 
learn the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ. See for yourself. Can someone do a reading of the BOOK of Mormon on U-Tube.I have read and studied the Book of Mormon. I know it is true and I know 
that this book can bring great happiness and joy into the lives of those 
who choose to follow it doctrine. It has brought great joy into my life and 
the life of my family.Thank you for your kindness and support! I am a Mormon and I spent one and 
a half years serving a full time mission, and I really appreciate what you 
said.The LDS church is that fastest growing church in the world, yes. But that 
is somewhat misleading, as atheism is growing even faster. Because it is 
not a "church" by any means, means that atheism is not covered with your 
overview of growth. Religious status, however, does cover all views. And, 
when talking about religious status, atheism is the fastest growing.There is a part of me that wishes I could really believe this.Basically, Go Mormons! :D How is your reading going? Do you have any questions? I would be glad to 
try to help naswer any.I love this book. It's so amazing...yea the bible did exist in moroni's time, but not the same way that we know 
it:)@wilsonzt1 Incorrect; logic is led by the heart. When one uses humble logic 
you get the same answer as faith. Called a testimony"Mormon" is just a nickname that society is more familiar with. The actual 
name for a person who belongs to this church is simply "a member of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints". I hope this clarifies any 
concerns.I am currently reading the book of Mormon and I am not Mormon. This book 
has made my relationship with God closer and I can feel it I pray more I 
thank God for all the blessings that he has given me. I just wanted to say 
that to anybody who judges the Mormons. If they judge the Mormons for going 
around and doing good for all then what is the purpose you're basically 
talking about the good they do.Man, I love how you guys have so many questions, but go to the WRONG places 
to get them answered. You have questions? Get LDS Missionaries to come and 
answer your questions. Don't be going to WRONG sources to get the answers, 
please. It's like getting to know somebody, would you go around asking 
people about a person, or would you go and ask that person yourself? Umm it did exist back in moronis time. In first nephi, Nephi learns that he 
is related to joseph from the bible. My fellow people The Book of Mormon was published in 1800's for a reason. 
Heres two answers 1- Because all of what happened in the book of mormon was 
in the Americas and the europeans didnt even start civiliations until the 
15th century in America. 2- Because if the Book of Mormon was published 
back then i'm pretty sure anyone who believed in it would of been killed. I 
think God waited until there was a land of Democracy (America) where we 
could have the right to believe anything we wanted too. No on knows why our heavenly father does things...some choices may seem 
weird to us or pointless but our father always does stuff for a reason just 
do your best to follow the commandments and let the lord deal with the rest 
i encourage you to read the book of Mormon sincerely and pray to know if it 
is trueHe did.Sorry, autocorrect. Illness should read "fullness."If it contains the illness of the everlasting gospel, why does it not 
address celestial marriage, exaltation or baptism for the dead?Amazing!!!what are you talking about.. I KNOW it's true.BY reading it.. and praying about it,. Mormons are Christians... it's like asking a catholic, a presbyterian , or 
a baptist if they are Christian.. they are all Christian religions, but 
they are all not the same religion.. LDS is also a Christian religion... Think about this, Joseph Smith had no formal education and maybe passed the 
3rd grade, after reading the book of mormon, you can see how AMAZING that 
is. No ONE, NO ONE - could have written that book and translated it in 80 
days, it's a 500 page book. you should read and see what it says.I love that response! what do you think mormons believe about salvation?? our beliefs regarding 
salvation.. is in the BIBLE... in Corinthians.If you believe that, then you DO NOT understand the Latter Day Saint 
religion, we believe the EXACT same christ that everyone else believes in 
the bible, the exact same one who died on the cross and who died for yours 
and my sins. we don't believe in the trinity, and prior to the Nicene 
creed; neither did the primitive church. Christ is the center of our 
religion. come to my house, we've got pics of christ everywhere. enter into 
a mormon church, they are everywhere. Members of the Flds faith are NOT mormon. obviously they branched off of 
the original church when Joseph Smith was killed. it's not "the Utah 
church" there are more mormons outside of the United states than inside, in 
fact the 2 nations in the world with the highest amount of members are 
Samoa and Tonga (polynesian islands) really the only way to know anything 
about spiritual matters.. is to ask the Man himself, God.When christ was on the earth there was 1 church.. one Lord, One faith, and 
ONE baptism -- that's in the bible.. Christ created his church.. and if his 
church was NEVER broken.. why are there so many now. the book of mormon is 
an amazing book, it's a record, don't pass judgement till you've read it. 
cause you don't know until you havei am mormon, and will forever be, I do believe that catholics are 
christians and very good people, it hurts me when people say that I am "in 
a cult" or that I am not Christian, when ever fiber of my soul worships 
christ. I'm sure it hurts them when people say the same thing about them. maybe you should try to read all of the book of mormon.. Alma 32:21 " And 
now as I said concerning faith, faith is not to have a perfect knowledge of 
things; therefore if ye have faith ye hope for things which are not seen, 
which are true." tell me how that is negative, all the book of mormon is 
simply is a record, like a journal.Joseph smith translated this form 
egyptian, and passed maybe the 3rd grade, and gave his life for it. It is 
God's words. Alma is a prophet from the Book of Mormon.because the world wasn't ready for it, every prophet that God had sent was 
killed by the people because of their unwillingness to listen.. think about 
it.. why did the pilgrims come from England?? because they wanted religious 
freedoms. America had recently been established as a free nation, prior to 
that people were forced to worship a certain way, why do you think it was 
called "the Dark Ages" All the book of mormon is, is another testament of Jesus Christ. The bible 
as awesome as it is, has been modified and many truths have been taken out 
or lost, think about it, it's a REALLY old book, there are thousands of 
versions of the bible. truths have been taken out, not by God, but by men. 
all the Book of mormon does is help fill in holes or blanks, and testify of 
the bible, the bible is even quoted in The Book of Mormon. especially 
chapters of Isaiah. I know the Book of Mormon is true. It contains good things for our progress 
in spirituality. We become closer to our Heavenly Father and we will become 
a better person. Anyone who are of this faith or of this faith why not 
leave our indifferences and open the book and with a sincere prayer learn 
of this. Read and be blessed by the gift of knowledge and wisdom embedded 
in it. This is very important added to our Holy Bible we will surely be 
better. I promise you that in the name of Jesus Christ,Well think about life, there are so many different people, no two exactly 
alike. God loves and knows every single one. The reason for more then one 
holy text is simply that God has worked with more then one group of people. 
The holy texts are the writing of God's prophets (or mouth pieces). The 
different books are from different groups of people. The Bible- the people 
of the middle east (stick of Judah) The Book of Mormon- the people of 
ancient America (stick of Ephraim) Ezekiel 37:16-17.@ulula97 What changes are you talking about? I suggest you talk to a 
missionary if you need answers.@elgar104 Check out the book Exploring the Lands of the Book of Mormon. 
There is about 900 pages worth of answers for ya. @Rjoy117 I'm so sorry you feel that way! I don't understand though how you 
can make such a claim that the Book of Mormon differs so greatly from the 
Bible when you say you have only read some of it? I've read all of the 
Bible and the Book of Mormon and find them to be compatible. Give it a try! 
The Book of Mormon is the word of God and any honest reader of the ENTIRE 
Book of Mormon can find that out :)@schlegalt The book of Mormon's purpose is not to replace the bible, as if 
the bible were incorrect. Rather it is a complement. The bible is a 
testimony of the Jews concerning the life and miracles of Christ in 
Jerusalem. The book of Mormon testifies of Christ's visit to the America's. 
Between the testimony of these 2 nations, we can know surely, that Jesus is 
the son of God.I wasn't going to comment until I saw the little star that said comments 
may be held for uploader approval. What is the point of that exactly? Is 
there something being said by people that you want to restrict for some 
reason? If so, why? I've read the bible and I personally didn't buy it. I 
suppose in fairness I should read your book of Mormon, so I will do so when 
I get the chance.@ulula97 There has been punctuation edits and chapters and verses have been 
added. The original manuscript was purely text with not punctuation. 
Spelling errors were corrected as well. If you know about how printing 
presses worked in 1830 you can imagine how errors would occur in that 
process that would have been corrected later. The footnotes are also not a 
part of the original 1830 version - the footnotes help to cross link 
doctrines to the Bible and within the Book of Mormon. Does that help?Si tuviese que dar un regalo a alguien muy querido le regalaría un libro de 
Mormón,porque tengo la convicción personal, después de haberlo leído muchas 
veces y haber puesto en practica sus enseñanzas, que no hay sobre la tierra 
un libro que lo acerque mas a Jesucristo que éste libro y Sabiendo que 
dependemos de Jesucristo para nuestra salvación, es entonces el mejor 
regalo que podemos dar a quienes amamos de veras...éste libro es palabra de 
Dios y yo lo se y saberlo me trae gozo y esperanza.@elgar104 Faith. The answer to your posts is faith. If you believe the 
Bible is the word of God then you must have faith- there's a lot more 
criticism out there about the Bible than there is the BoM. I understand 
that the Bible has been much more widely published, subjecting it to more 
criticism. I'm just pointing out that there is by no means a universal 
consensus on the authenticity of the Bible. Read Proverbs 2:5-7. Isaiah 
55:8,9. And finally 2 Nephi 9:28-29. It's about faith- not logic.@cuddlebunny297 Do you Believe in The Creation of this Earth? @JerryStud1 I know this will not be approved but come on! Don't really need 
DnC and PoGP to cover the missing points if the Book of Mormon ~"contains 
the fullness of the gospel"~@kortneyboo1 I'm glad you believe "every word", but "we" don't: "We believe 
the Bible to be the word of God as far as it is translated correctly" - 
Articles of Faith #8; @elgar104 I invite you and anyone else to meet with LDS(mormon) 
Missionaries. They can answer questions like this for you. They will help 
you understand why this all happened and you to can pray to know if what 
they share is true. God can't lie, you can pray to him and ask Him if it is 
true.@elgar104 (continued #3) I understand why anyone would be critical of all 
of this. I would be, but I have prayed and asked God if the Book of Mormon 
is true. I asked Him if Joseph Smith was a true prophet and if the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is His true church upon the earth. I 
didn't get an answer right away but one day as I heard a mormon teenager 
bare his testimony that HE knew that those things were true, I felt the 
Holy Spirit confirm to me that they are. I know they are.@elgar104 (continued #2) He had it prepared to restore truths that were 
lost because of the death of Christ's Apostles, the falling and splitting 
of Christ's true church(this happened because without the Apostles there 
was no one to receive revelation for the WHOLE church) With the Book of 
Mormon and the call for Joseph Smith to be a prophet Christ's church was 
restored with 12 Apostles at the foundation.@elgar104 (continued) God knew that everyone in the last days would 
interpret the Bible differently. Of course He would have loved for everyone 
to accept Christ's Church and His Apostles instead of rejecting His church 
and killing His Apostles but since the beginning God has given man his 
agency. He doesn't force anyone to do anything. He gives them commandments 
and its our choice whether to follow them or not. The Book of Mormon was 
prepared for the last days to restore truths that were lost.@elgar104 God gives man his free agency. God prepared the Book of Mormon 
because He knew that Christ would be rejected and that Christ's Apostles 
would be killed after Christ was. God knew that Christ's church was going 
to fall with the death of the Apostles and split into all the churches you 
see today. He knew all of that and so he had the book of mormon written 
anciently to use as an instrument to restore his church when his children 
were ready.I'm athiest.@elgar104 The Book of Mormon is really contemporary to the Bible written 
about 600BC to 400AD. It was not meant to correct the Bible. I don't think 
the Bible (as we know it) even existed during Moroni's life. Who knows why 
God chose to wait? Isaiah 55: 8-9@chanses2 The Book of Mormon is translated into English. The English 
translation of the name Yahuwshua or Yahweh is in the Book of Mormon, it is 
rendered as: Jesus Christ. Obviously the people did not speak English, 
remember the Book of Mormon is a translation of ancient words, just like 
the Bible is. Just as with the Bible, the way to discover the truth of the 
Book of Mormon is to read it and then sincerely ask God regarding its 
truthfulness. Pray to God and you'll hear His answer. I have.