You don't need to believe in miracles, in priests, in Noah's Arc to agree 
that Jesus was a great and wise man. Beautiful words!﻿Beautiful information!﻿I like the looks of those buildings ~﻿There is no words to add, this is just beautiful the way it is.﻿This is from "Son Of God" by Mark Bernett and Roma Downey.﻿Good job﻿Amen﻿Still, the fact that it was the LDS Church that produced these makes a 
pretty powerful argument for Mormons being Christian.I don't think that was ever in question. :) No movie— the clips are made to stand alone and act as teaching aids. I wonder when Jesus Christ will come again to earth..?Made by the LDS church. That's what masterwayne was talking about.This video has made me realize that he is a real being who walked this 
earth and who taught his disciples the things that are not worldly things 
but true things coming directly from God himself. Good council from the greatest teacher of all.whats the name of this movie sweet words:)I know a few people who dont see what i see in god he brung me great joy 
and i want to deepen my relatiinship with the lordContinue if faith, my friend, your treasure is in heaven, and your 
testimony is an inspiration.Great video. It comforts me very much. :)heaven must be beyond what we can imagineBeautiful, moving, and brings the spirit. Frequently we think of those with beams in their eyes who try to pull the 
mote out as being overly critical hypocrites, which is sometimes true and 
ought to be corrected. But more frequently, I think, those trying to pull a 
mote out of their brother's eye are just trying to be kind but are overcome 
by their own weakness. Certainly we ought to cleanse ourselves so then we 
are better able to help others, if we're prideful or even just weaker than 
our task requires. Treasures in HeavenLove jesus sooo much!I do know that everyone around you will respect who you are and what you 
believe in if YOU do. Heavenly Father will always provide a way for us to 
do his work. What you do and say everyday will bear testimony to this. Your 
true friends will see this and embrace your values and what you are 
committed to. Being a member of the church can be as easy or hard as we 
choose it to be. You're not alone:) I love you!The Sermon on the Mount are my favorite teachings, from the Savior. I love 
to teach these things to my family. Thanks for doing these videos, they are 
very helpful and we watch them together.I think it's hard for people to see things beyond what their eyes can find. 
I have a few friends that at times look at me strangely... but I hope that 
holding true to my beliefs that I can show them that I truly believe by my 
example. If I can do that, then I can be a missionary in action. I hope you 
take courage in your faith and testimony. And do not be afraid to share 
them. :)A video that follows The Word is very powerful. The Church is getting 
better at pull together beautiful masterpieces with no room for error. Good 
Work! The last line he says is powerful. Loved itI love these videos! I know it's an actor, but watching makes me feel like 
I know the real Jesus more.My friends criticize me for being LDS. Sometimes being a mormon is hard but 
videos like these make life easier.I was in school one day and a friend of mine that had been LDS asked me how 
I knew the church was true. I told him I had an answer but I didn't have 
enough time to tell him. I really didn't have a solid answer. I didn't at 
the time have a very solid testimony of The Book of Mormon. A while later I 
read The Book of Mormon in two days and now I have an answer. The church is 
true because God loves us, His son Jesus Christ atoned for our sins and we 
can live with God again if we live the right way.So Pure ...So True!