Upon this Rock i shall build

cant help to think this is from Hebrew texts﻿I know He lives!!!!!thou art the Christ!! I testify of it!! :)He is referring to the rock of testimony and of revelation from Heavenly 
Father. The strong the immovable rock of truth that comes from revelation 
from Heavenly Father. To remind Simon of this he was renamed Peter meaning 
rock as he has the rock of testimony.He's doing his best with the King James script.I got truth tingly's running through my body :) oh so that must be the 
spirit :) yay Beautiful video <3And yet, he still denied Christ when confronted - it wasn't until much 
later that he became fully converted. As with Peter, so it is with us - we 
all have a long journey to make in our discipleship, and the mercy Christ's 
sacrifice provides is what makes the subsequent growth possible. God is 
good!So great Jesus Christ.You may witness many things, but sure knowledge comes from God. Through the 
Holy Ghost He brings, the Son, the greatest truth of all!My friend, Nathan Riddle, portrays one of the Apostles. 1:04, left center. 
I love that the Church is doing these. Loves the way Peter answered! seminary scripture mastery! This vid really help me.I wonder what I would say if I was in Peter's shoes. Hopefully, I had spent 
time on my knees and had gotten my own answer like Peter probably did. So beautiful :)I love this scripture! What a great portrayal this is.Although Peter witnessed many miracles performed by Jesus, he did not come 
to a sure knowledge that Jesus is the Christ until it was revealed to him 
by his Father in heaven. The same is true of each of us. Each of us can 
receive a testimony that Jesus is the Christ by obeying His commandments, 
following His example and praying earnestly for the revelatory power of the 
Holy Ghost to give us a sure knowledge of the truth of all things, all this 
being done in faith and humility. Jesus is the Christ, and he will come again, weather in my life time, or 
the next generation.I think the production quality on these is great, but the actor portraying 
Christ keeps making all these pauses as if it adds drama to the words. 
Unfortunately that reminds me of Captain Kirk in Star Trek. Sorry.