This hits home.

It's easy to be trapped in the cycle of hopelessness... in such a way you 
have no idea it's there.

And that there's a need to work on today... not yesterday or tomorrow.. 

This goes well into the reality each day.. is a new brick to lay. If you 
choose to. And life doesn't get better unless we create the foundations to 
make it better.﻿Full text

President Henry B. Eyring, a disciple of Jesus Christ, urges us to seek 
God's help to overcome complacency and discouragement and find joy in 
serving Him today.


There's a danger  in the word someday when what it means is not this day. 
the thought someday i will can be a thief of the opportunities of time and 
the blessings of eternity .
Even the Savior, who was without sin, set an exemple of the need not to 
procrastinate. 
He said , i must work the works of him that sent me while it is day: the 
night cometh, when no man can work. A morning prayer and an early search in 
the scriptures to know whats we should do for the lord can set the curse of 
a day. We  can know which task, off all those we might choose, matters most 
to God and therefore tu us. For most of us the temptation to delay will 
come from one or both to feelings. they are polar opposites: one is to be 
complacent about what we've already done, and the other is to feel 
overwhelmed by the need to do more. the temptation will be to believe that 
you will return to serv e again, someday. it is hard to know when we have 
done enough for the atonement to change our natures and so qualify us for 
eternal life. And we don't know how may days we will have to give  the 
service necessary for that migthy change to come. In the hardest trials, as 
long as you have the power to pray you can ask a loving God : " please let 
me serve, this day. It doesn't matter to me how few things i may be able to 
do. just let me know what i can do.
I obey this day. I know that i can, with Thy help. "for those who are 
discouraged by their circumstances and are therefore tempted to feel they 
cannot serve the lord this day, i make you two promisses. Hard as things 
seem today, they will be better in the next day if you choose to serve the 
lord this day. The other promise i make to you is that by choosing to serve 
him this day, you will feel his love and grow to love him more. 
You would not want to delay receiving that blessing. And feeling His love 
will draw you back to his service, wiping away both complacency and 
discouragement. I know that Heavenly Father lives and answers our prayers. 
I know that Jesus is the living Christ, the savior of the world, and that 
we can choose to feel joy and peace in his service this day.﻿Thank you I needed to hear this today x﻿This is all true... I feel so inspired﻿Can somebody please tell me what is the name to the instrumental song in 
the background? I like it. :) ﻿any lds book store should have it( ie deseret books) or alternatively a 
distribution centre. i think most temples are close to a distribution 
centre. if you dont know where these buildings are-in or around your area, 
find the local lds chapel, and ask someone there- they can probably tell youLove this (: "Judge not, that ye be not judged." (Matthew 7:1) Allow all people to 
believe what they will believe, but do not judge them. Peace be unto you.The Deseret Book company sells quad scriptures. You can also check out the 
LDS online store.my lovely boyfriend preaches this message to me everyday :)Where can I get acopy of the complete set of scriptures seen at 2:23 in one 
book? Anyone know?Amazing message, always gives you an uplifting feeling and makes you want 
to serve people, you know you will feel the goodness of it!I'm bad about procrastination, and I don't always read my scriptures 
everyday, but I can testify that the days I do stop to search God's word, 
my day goes better.business shouldn't take away the lord ill live right now for studying the book of mormon :P i guess thats what 
should i do :)But the Mormon Jesus is not the same Jesus in the Bible. They say Jesus was 
created when He was God. They also say that Jesus was Satan's brother which 
isn't true AND they say they can obtain Godhood if they are good just like 
those from Kolob did.wonderful and inspirational His message hit me like a punch in the stomach. I have to change. It is called, "This Day" by Henry B. Eyring April 2007 You can go to 
lds.org to look it up. April 2007, titled "This Day"( Sunday afternoon session)General Conference, April 2007, This Day.i dont know if its a talk, might just be made for this. but check out 
lds.org and you might find it if it is Does anyone know what talk this is from???. We can know which task, of all those we might choose, matters most to God 
and therefore to us. <3 C'mon....We are Mormons,Happily married.With;Families,Freinds,and a good 
life,We should help others,Firstly by no judging,Secondly we need to help 
and save other!...Happy Easter! SO TRUE - SOOOOO TRUE"There is danger in the word "someday"." My mission companion Elder Mbatha 
and I used to say that to each other all the time. We must go and preach 
the gospel to all of the world. There is a window for people. There is a 
time when they are ready and we must take advantage of that time. We must 
always be ready to offer our testimonies of the Savior.Making this video my home page was one of the best ideas i ever had!I watch this ever day. . . So blessed to have been born into the gospel ... 
I know I make mistakes.. but I'm trying.. I love Christ.. and I am so 
blessed he would die for me. .. sry that was random.. but thus video always 
gets me ...I love the promise President Eyring makes that if things are hard in this 
day, the next day things will be better if we choose to serve God in this 
day. A girl in my seminary class brought this up. It was really inspiring! I absolutely love this. I hate it when I procrastinate. Especially when it comes to homework.I wish this video came up every time I typed the url to facebook. This one if wonderful a lesson of procrastination. A great way to start 
your morning.This short video has touched my spirit & moved me spiritually & 
emotionally, for I know that the things President Eyring said in it are 
true!!!I am an athiest. Why put it off?I was really touched by this message. Heavenly Father has given us agency 
and time---agency to do with our time what we choose. I am inspired by this 
message. Do the right thing for the right reason for Christ, and do it 
today.I've watched this video several times throughout the past couple of months. 
It continues to remind me of the importance of today. I love Elder Eyring, 
he truly is an apostle of Christ.i choose today! :)Awesome!Oh how I love when others from all faiths, diverse or not, hear words of 
Christs apostles and feel the truth in their heart. He lives. I am a 
witness of this. Miracles have been wrought in a 17 year old boys life, 
thus transforming me, and making me whole. He lives.I watch this often. It brings me so much peace and reminds me that I don't 
have to do it all -- just what He asks and if I listen . . . and do . . . 
life is easy.Truly amazing messageCan we get these translated to Portuguese too? That would be great! I have 
some friends I would like to share these with.i really love being able to listen to all of these lds videos, i love being 
a mormon, i know my heavenly father lives and that everything we learn 
about him is true. i hope you others out there will choose the right and 
become a member is you are not i say all this in the name of jesus christ 
amen.Love this msgTo me this video describes one of the most difficult, and most common of 
all human challenges - how we use our time. Great, inspiring advice. I love 
Elder Eyring!aw aw awe awes awesome video..:)So so wonderfulHe has obviously had the same kind of experience I have had in trying to 
overcome procrastination. I really like the suggestion to just focus on 
today - I have seen his promises come true as a result.Thank you so much for making this.. Ihave needed to hear this message 
again, and the video mix is wonderful. Thank you again.Wonderful message!!! =)Thanks. Great message. Time is merciless and implacable. We have to do a 
right while there is still time.. You are a true Desciple of the Lord, 
president Eyering..No, this message points out that as we seek the guidance of our Father in 
Heaven in our lives and striving to serve him it brings us closer to him, 
and it is by this closeness that the atonement can work in your life to 
make that change.2 Nephi 25:23 reads that "...it is by grace that we are saved, after all we 
can do." and in Alma 24:11 we learn that the phrase "all we can do" means 
"to repent of all our sins." I believe that it means that it requires 
effort on our part- repenting of our sins, of which service is a part of, 
or at least perhaps a good indicator, and certainly the saving power of the 
atonement of Jesus Christ."It is hard to know when we have done enough for the atonement to change 
our natures and so qualify us for eternal life" Does this imply that we are 
saved by works instead of the atonement on the cross?God bless Mongolia! I love this messege !Thank you for this video, a good reminder that we can always set time for 
the Lord...muy lindoi'm not a mormon im a catholic but its basically samething but this was a 
good message good job.I love this message! President Eyring is amazing!Great point - made me think and hopefully will help me not procrastinate my 
homework. XD President Eyring reminds me of Obama for some reason (except 
he's about 537 times more awesome). I think it's his voice.To those of us in this world, we must always be ever vigilant. Even 
righteous people must continually repent everyday. Look at King David. He 
was a good man in the eyes of God, but because he sinned he lost his 
blessings. Even with the atonement of Christ, this does not automatically 
guarantee us a first-class seat in Heaven.Great counsel. I am going to do something today!!Thank u for sharing this nice video. Its beautiful and a blessing to me.I love these messages. It's so good to have prophets in our day. This makes 
me want to pick up my scriptures right now... Well, maybe someday. Just 
kidding =) Now is great!That is between you and the Lord, the spirit of promis however, can come 
into your heart to confirm to you that your way of living is acceptable to 
the Lord. If you have not yet felt that, or have not for sometime, I would 
suggest asking the Lord what He would have you do next. That's always 
worked for me, and it's so worth getting that feeling back!Congrats! It's not easy getting all sessions in, but the benefits are out 
of this world! No really, I mean that just as I said it! =)flippyroxx, what you need is to know that Jesus died once for all (all of 
your sins) and that complete and total forgiveness is yours when you accept 
Him as your Savior. Read the Bible, especially Romans. No one is good 
enough for heaven. Jesus is our way. God bless youhaha I love the Music Mani love GOD so much and i dont know if i going to heaven = ( i do good 
things and i also hear hard metal and emo songs = l i sometimes do sins and 
some times i pray = l so tell me were im goning = ( if you want toKeep these messages coming...I wish there were at least two a week.How about 1 Corinthians 12:28 or Ephesians 3:4-5 or Ephesians 4:11-13. 
There's also Revelation 11:10 and Luke 6:13. That's just a few to get you 
started and I'm sure with a little work you can find many more examples on 
your own. Good Luck, peace be with you.I'm incredibly moved by this message. It is exactly what I needed.This is our first full general conference and the love that is shown is 
great beyond that of the "everyday". Service to the Lord should be first!! 
All others, including ourselves secondary! The Lord our saviour and 
redeemer lives. Remember!Love Henry B. Eyring! I always look forward to hearing him!Can anyone show me in the King James Bible that we are suppost to have 
Apostles and a Prophet today? Thank you.What a wonderful message. Thank you!I used to have it in my signature for my email account. Awesome quote!I have it on my wall...I have the quote in my scriptures that he talks about in the very beginning!Wow! That is SO overpowering! I need to get on YouTube less and write in my 
journal or do my Personal Progress!!Today - now!The older you get the faster time passes and the more you wish you had 
better used your time in the past.That was absolutely wonderful! It makes me so excited for conference! 
Brother Eyring has to be someone I ALWAYS look forward listening to, but 
yet again, I look forward to EVERYONE. :-DAmen!How blessed I feel to have this resource and to have true Apostles and a 
Prophet in my life!it is such a great message!! I love it ... it gives me strength to carry 
on....I needed that as well.Thanks Mormon messageI found this, just when I needed it.great video!!! great timing I needed itI needed this today. I loved it.