Doctrine and Covenants 93:40 "But I have commanded you to bring up your 
children in light and truth."﻿When I'm thinking already on ways to teach my only one year old daughter 
the ways of life, this message is such a great inspiration for my and my 
daughters future.﻿Who on earth are the 85 people who disliked this? Was this screened at 
Voldemort's house or something? ﻿I really appreciate Elder Hales choice of message on parenting. Dr. Gabor 
Mate is a doctor and addiction specialist, and says most addictions come 
from trauma during childhood. Parenting is critical. If we truly value our 
children we will make them our top priority. Thanks Elder Hales.﻿Becoming conscious of hurtful patterns and being willing to change those 
patterns is the greatest gift we can give children"﻿This message reminds me that I am a Father and my responsibility to my 
family. It is always nice to have a gentle reminder of who you are. Im a Muslim , but the message was very touchy & outstanding , god bless you 
all ! + Like !I am so grateful to have parents who have done this for me. <3I hope that this message finds you now active again in the Church. I know 
that God will accept you. I know because I have felt his love and his 
forgiveness. But you need to know to forgive yourself. If you followed your 
heart when you first posted this then you did the right thing for you and 
your family! I hope all is well and I hope you know that Heavenly Father 
loves you no matter what! This is so true..to new father and mums.Sadly enough.81 people cant get past the word Mormon...What's a morman?I loved this message when I first heard him give it. The Apostles are truly 
wise and inspired. I loved the story about his mother too.those that disliked the video were either those who openly oppose the LDS 
church or those who watched this video but not listen to what it said. if 
you are either of those watch it again with an open mind and new 
perspective.@kyriacos40 you're right and also I believe you're a sweet person!love this viedo! these men are truely inspired by God.We all know what you presumed this video was going to be about based on the 
title and picture...This is a beautiful message & video. Wonderful message...we often get so wrapped up in our daily life that we 
forget to slow down and reach out to our youth. God bless those who listen 
to this message!This video is a specific in the intent to listen to children and youth so 
they know we care about them as parents and not to circumvent parental 
authority with youth or religious authority as some parents may fall into 
these traps and stop parenting.very sad that parents have to be reminded to DO THEIR JOBS!!!!!So beautiful it brought a tear to my eye! This is a message we all need to 
send to family!This is great!@elmoo44 You can click on cc under the message and click on translate 
captions, then click on bar displaying a language. A list of other language 
options will come up and you can change the closed captions to Spanish. 
Audio will still be in English, but the subtitles will display in Spanishgreat thing! I am not a mormon but with this great feeling I WANT to 
realize what is true religion or church of Jesus Christ. Some day for sure 
I will be a member of this great church with all of my family members. I 
really, really appreciate your great work for subtitles, for me like 
foreigners who are not quite familiar with spoken English, these subtitles 
really, really help me understand this great and wonderful message. Thanks 
a million! Heavenly Father really loves this church.@elmoo44 Spanish translations are available on the YouTube Mormon Messages 
channel under the "Mensajes Mormones Espanol" playlist.Is there a way a can get this video with the Spanish translation please!!! 
I want to share it with people that doesn´t speak english... thank you!!!There is nothing greater than being a parent. Letting my children know I 
love them everyday is something I know they need to know and hear 
individually and that I will always love them no matter what decisions they 
make in life. I played hide and seek tonight with my kids and the wife 
before bed. I know that just that little bit of time makes all the 
difference in how your children turn out. I am grateful for every moment I 
have to spend time with those little ones.Love this video. Very inspiring! Thank you!@DanceInYourRoom - Thanks for watching the video. I would encourage you to 
do some of your own research and see for yourself. I admire many Muslims 
that I know personally. We are similar in our respect for family, and in 
the fact that our religion affects our daily lives. However, in our 
teachings, we are very different, as you will see when you look for 
yourself. The words from the wise! thank you for the message!Great message!! What a beautiful message!It is important to spend time listening to family members, even though it 
is hard to balance different aspects of our lives.i love this video... i miss my parents.. We need more love for our youth. Great message!i wish my parents were like this...aw, he was crying in the beginning! so sweeet!! <33I have the same socks as that kid! LOLPlease take a few minutes to watch this.Great message although I don't agree with all the mormon teachings!subscribe the channel peeps!!!!!!!!!!!!!Religion has nothing to do with this message. Well thought out. The visuals 
enhance the impact on the audience.ok ok okThis should be someting to everyone do, no matter the religionWow.. 29 people dont like this video.. i guess they dont understand the 
message. guess LOVE is to complex for them.Wow, I really never knew what a. "family" should be like, until now..Thank You for this wonderful Message!! I hope that every one gets to hear 
this and that Parents can finally understand how important it is for them 
"to be there" for their children. Thank you. I must say that I agree with this ad.I live with my uncle and his family and what makes me really sad is that 
they do not sit with each other to have meals, the kids do not talk to 
their parents and I feel that this can have a negative effect on the kids 
in their future. When I was a kid I really loved that my parents would ask 
me about my day during our meal and we could have wonderful discussions 
where we all contributed. I am Mormon, but feel that this message doesn't care what religion you are. 
It's good for any parent to hear and be reminded of, I know I needed to 
hear it again. @jonmahoney04 No,not everything. And not everyone have family... :(Who could actouly dislike this?!This should be America's Goal. Not so much the mormonism part but what 
pushes and can help our soldiers families that are so broken from so much 
war.:') i cried. so gonna treat my future kid this way. thank you for the 
awesome video. <3 Key insight into Mormon doctrine @2:45 - eternal family.Very emotional and touching. I fear that family values are eroding and 
might never come back.m a Hindu ..and i think mormons are best of Christians sectsIn islam, the greatest thing after listening to God, Is listening to the 
Parents. It is a beautiful thing; and a vital thing.I am no spiritual person but this video was touching. I mean it is so easy 
to talk to your child. I have to spend at least a couple hours a day 
chilling with my daughters =]Great video! I love this!Yes, so true, Family Matters.......many paths to one God and thee human 
race has is one color of blood too. Even though I am single with no children, I know that my nephews will 
depend on me and look to me for an example. These words are for all adults 
who mentor kids... you never know who is watching.I am the mother of SIX children. Thank you! for this wonderful loving 
counsel. I along with my husband will GO and DO!Nice video reminder to really be there in our relationships with family. It 
struck me that these ideas can be applied in all our relationships.If you love somebody, let them go. If they return, they were always yours. 
If they don't, they never were.@Beeht to where/what/whom is the message given credit by the messenger?We are going to PLAN more of these moments. : ) @MereMessenger I agree! And that's the best part. By growing closer to God, 
you grow closer to the family.I Love this video!!! It is SO true, Families are forever and the church is 
True!!!Thanks Mom and Dad for listening, and listening some more!A beautiful message. Families are incredibly more important than the 
world's made me think. Thank you for sharing this. <3Thank you! Beautiful.@MereMessenger did he say it does? thats not a fair comment.Families can be together forever, through Heavenly Fathers plan I always 
want to be with my own family, And the lord has shown me how I can! :) x I am not slightly religious but the message is beautiful.Family family family. It shouldn't take the place of God. This is a wonderful message. I always feel fulfilled and rewarded in every 
way when I take the time to listen, to really listen and be there. That was a beautiful message. I pray that I may be able to put it in to 
practice every day.Beautiful video! Touching message!maybe my mom will get off facebook for a few minutes when she sees this ;)What a wonderful reminder that each child needs us! I loved this! My 
grandson and my daughter sent the link to me. I am so proud to be a Mormon 
and have these wonderful teachings touch me and my family's lives.Be there for the ones who matter most. wonderful! im mormon, im a youth :D it was great to watch!I loved this. When he got emotional about what he was saying, I nearly 
cried. And I am not that much of a crier.This truly makes me want to be a 
good parent for my future children. Thank you Elder Hales.@papadonto8 I've struggled with the feelings of being alone. With the 
feeling that no one and nothing would change if I were to wander out into 
the desert and never come back.. Every person no matter their situation 
makes a profound if unnoticed difference in the lives of the people around 
them that we just dont know or understand. God is with us and so are many 
people whose lives we touch without thinking about it. You are not alone. 
Yes people care. Yes god hears you.wow, this touchted my heart...I really enjoy this video and the message it has. I couldn't agree more. I 
can't wait to be a father and listen to my kids. It'll be great :)Thanks! :D