thank you for sharing your story. . . it's gives me hope as I go through 
refining of my own.﻿Life is full of challenges and when we trust in the Lord and have faith in 
Him, everything will work out, no matter how bad things seem to get. I am 
so grateful for messages like these that help us to keep things in 
perspective and to realize that the Lord is making something better out of 
our lives than we could ever imagine. God bless this sweet woman!﻿God Lives!  He will have a humble people. Humility is Strength.﻿I heard about this video by a seminary teacher, absolutely love it! Such a 
good story that tells how we go through hard times. I love the 
blacksmithing scenes as well, so vivid and so comparitive to this lady's 
story.﻿I needed to see this. My 18 month old was diagnosed with a terminal disease 
at 8 months. I've watched her fade every day. It is torture. As we've been 
in the hospital, and hospice care I've become very sad and very bitter that 
the church doesn't often shed light on such heartbreaking trials and 
focuses more on the "worldly" trials. Glad I got to see this. Gives me hope 
that one day I will see a light at the end of the very lonely and dark 
tunnel.﻿i cried and I'm 8﻿I feel that this is one reason why the Savior suffered.  It gave Him the 
capacity to love us and support us through our trials.  I know that He 
suffered and died for us, and that we can use His love to make it through 
our Earthly life and make it back to Him.﻿This video is so well done. I've watched it multiple times. I'd like to 
think when the blacksmith hits the metal it represents the Lord chastening 
us and shaping us into the people that he wants us to be. I love symbolism.﻿Three to four years ago, I walked away from the church, rejecting it 
completely. A few months ago, I had back surgery. A simple six week 
recovery turned into complications. I have an inflamed sciatic nerve which 
makes it hard to walk even a few steps, and I'm bedridden in constant pain. 
It's predicted to last up to a year. One particularly hard day, I hit 
bottom. I cried out "God, if you are there, help me." I decided that a 
priesthood blessing couldn't hurt. Our bishop and my husband gave me a 
powerful blessing, in which I was promised I would heal, and I should take 
the time to become closer to my heavenly father. I started watching these 
messages on youtube. When I saw this message, I was brought to tears. The 
knowledge that I'm not alone, that God is mindful of me, loves me, wants me 
to be happy, and is using this experience to make me a better person... 
Knowing that there is a purpose to this time of suffering, makes it a lot 
easier to bear. The promises made in my priesthood blessing, that I will 
heal, has taken away so much fear. I have since watched hours of conference 
talks on youtube, have returned to church (even if I can only stay long 
enough to take the sacrament) and now have my temple recommend! The church 
has such a deeper, more personal place in my life now than before I left 
it. Thank you, Mormon Channel, for messages like this one.﻿This Makes me renewed, I often wonder what I am supposed to learn, then I 
think others need me to help show that the road to exaltation and eternal 
life is not just strength  to endure to the end, but to  know that the lord 
is the one to give us that strength If we but ask. I know that I'm here 
today and have survived each illness because the Lord is in charge and he 
has a plan for me even when I feel I can't survive  The next time.  He lets 
me know I will be OK.  What a comfort to know The Lord loves me and cares 
for me in time of trial. And that he lives.﻿Beautiful video. God bless ﻿No está en español??? 
﻿I come to this video repeatedly for strength.﻿Awsome!﻿Awsome!﻿Grateful for the shared experiences no doubt, they will help someone. Share 
and testify ! ﻿So powerful! ﻿I can see she becomes submissive to
Jesus because she thinks he punished her with challenges in her life.
That is not true. She's wrong 
something good has to come out of difficult challenges that's for sure and 
that's what I believe. ﻿I shared this with a cousin who just lost his wife to Bile duct cancer at 
the age of 29. She left behind her husband and two children ages 6 and 2. 
He is lonely and having a hard time. I cried myself. I am grateful to a 
Heavenly Father who shapes us into who he knows we can become. ﻿hola hermanos felicidades por este canal esta grandioso pero seria aun mas 
grandioso si saliera con la traduccion ... espero me puedan comprender .... 
gracias﻿So powerful and beautiful. You can really feel her testimony and the love 
of our savior while watching and listening to this.﻿Often times i feel that we, on this earth, are dealt trials and challenges 
because that we haven't been good enough or that we deserve to be punished. 
 This simply is not the case.  The fire heats the steel up to almost its 
breaking point.  Why? Because that is the only why for the steel to be 
shaped into the tool that The Master needs it to be.  Trials are not put in 
our lives to punish us, rather to make us better than we ever thought was 
possible.  Trials are designed to bring us nearer to God, not drive us 
away.  Everything that the Almighty does has a purpose who's impact we 
cannot even imagine.  I testify to all those who read these words that God 
would not have a man run faster than he is able, nor would He have him 
carry more than he has strength.  God gives us these challenges so that we 
may help our fellow man, be compassionate, and to grow more Christ-like.  I 
leave these things in the sacred name of Jesus Christ. Amen.﻿SO HEARTBREAKING AND POWERFUL﻿From the refiner's fire comes
A more perfected form
Shaped to what we're to become:
Favored before the Lord
(His people)﻿I agree with the message of being purified but I also come to think that 
this is some kind of curse... I hope that beside accepting that this is 
God's will, that families to whom this happen also pray and look into their 
diet, their exposure to toxic and poisonous material, food, radioactive 
radiation, chemicals in water, air, heavy metals etc. etc. God hasn't made 
us to be "genetically prone" to cancer. It's caused by man-made activity in 
the our environment... Instead of senduring, there might be change God will 
tell us to bring in our life...﻿When terrible things happen in your life that is out of your control, there 
is nothing you can do but turn to God.  However, what happens when terrible 
things are in your life that are in your control?  What happens if you are 
suffering because of terrible things you've done and the way to repentance 
would cause great suffering in others?  I would like to see more videos of 
that type of theme.﻿Powerful!﻿How could anyone dislike this?﻿This is so beautiful. ﻿You know, my Sunday school teacher told us once, that we are clay on a 
potter's weel, and sometimes, it takes rough, sharp, tools to make us 
eventually become a beautiful work of art. Sometimes we do get to feel the 
soothing feeling of the potter's hands massaging the clay, but then come 
the sharp tools, making beautiful designs in the long run. ﻿This Video, was very touching to me...... My heart went out to this woman 
in the deepest way. I have Cancer and I have helped members of my family 
get through their treatments. ﻿Refiner's Fire? I know the Church, doesn't have an official flag, however, 
this might a good one, put the #MormonMissionaryLogo on a flag with the 
three lines, with sky blue, and white printing on it. Could change the 
whole world. #Refiner'sFire
﻿This is a powerful message. ﻿Very powerful!﻿Where was this family located?  Near a fertilizer manufacturing plant? Near 
an Aluminum smelting plant?﻿Thank you for sharing your story. It has touched me deeply.﻿The greater the opposition--the greater God's love is manifest.﻿It's beautiful﻿Thank you for always uploading videos. There are always on time for someone 
out there that needs to hear it with what they may be going through.﻿AMEN.﻿"Why do bad things happen to good people?" This is the answer.﻿great message,just what i needed to hear today﻿I shed tears for this sister﻿Well done to the makers of the video. I hope we are all able to keep the 
eternal perspective when enduring our individual refinement as this woman 
has. ﻿Kim, thank you so much for this!! sharing, expressing, and blessing others 
as you go!!﻿I NEEDED to see this, to hear it, today. I am in that place in my life. And 
some days, it is like torture. But each day, I pick myself up again and 
keep going. Heavenly Father's grace and mercy astound me. He knows exactly 
what I need to keep moving forward, and he provides that sustenance. I'm so 
thankful for every trial, no matter how hard, because each time I face the 
pain, I grow in my testimony of enduring to the end. In all things, give 
thanks. ﻿Very Uplifting!﻿Amazing and very potent this one.﻿I've heard it said that "we will not have to endure more than we have the 
strength to". I'm grateful that my life is relatively easy and pain free.﻿Wow, that was beautiful. Thank you. ﻿I have absolutely nothing to complain about after watching this message.﻿Well done, Mormon Channel!﻿Such a powerful message. I have not always been grateful during the times I 
am in my refiner's fire, but I know my heart usually gets to that place 
where I know how much my Heavenly Father and Savior love me and won't let 
me fail.
"The greater our sorrow, the greater our capacity to feel joy."
I have a testimony this quote is very true, but only if we are humble 
enough to allow that change to happen.﻿