love it!!﻿I really enjoyed this song.  I had never heard Brooke sing before 
this......I know, I live in Alaska so I DON'T LIVE IN THE REAL WORLD.  
Anyway, she's got a great voice and this is a well done song.  Thanks﻿awesome :)﻿Love it!  Each child of God definitely has their own gifts and talents.  It 
is good that every child is different so we can work together to accomplish 
good in this world.﻿Love the song, the video, and Brooke!﻿Great song.  The download song link doesn't work for me﻿simply lovely﻿beautiful.﻿Something Devine is very inspiring.﻿I think I heard this at BYU-Idaho like 5 years ago! I loved it then and I 
love it now!﻿Great song, beautifully done ...﻿Love this so much! Makes me feel happy and hopeful. Thank you Brook for 
your inspiring music. :-) 
﻿I love the song "Something Divine".  Thanks for the inspirational message.  
Your daughter is so precious !!! Keep up your good work; your fans love you 
!﻿So Beautiful! Thank you!﻿good﻿Mormon wife's are the awesome.﻿Wow, this is amazing.﻿I followed her at the American Idol season...I thought she was the best!﻿Thank you for reminding me that I am divine, even amidst the struggles of 
life.﻿in this world of deceit and lies, it's good to see something up-lifting and 
good.﻿Um...her little girl is just heartmeltingly adorable cx﻿Brooke is a very divine and inspirational musician. =)﻿pleasantly surprised﻿I am hard of hearing and need the closed caption to this video.  I would 
like to read the lyrics to this song then I can follow her singing along 
with the lyrics or closed captioned.﻿Good music that Inspires!﻿Love that yellow dress!! Good song with a fabulous message.﻿Love it!﻿Beautiful!
﻿Great sound! I love how positive this song is!﻿angel~﻿Something pretty amazing.﻿What a beautiful song.﻿Nice Song.
Love what you have done with it. :-)﻿Featured it on https://www.facebook.com/musicwak. Great song Brooke!!! 
Thank you for all you give to the music world... We love you!!!﻿So happy that Brooke has held fast to who she is. It's a hard task in the 
world today. Hang on Brooke. ﻿Beautiful!﻿Don't give up till your work is done love those lyrics﻿I've missed Brooke White!!!﻿I LOVE HER SO MUCH!!! She graduated from my High School Heritage Academy in 
2001, and 13 years later she's still amazing! Keep being awesome Brooke! 
And never stop being a HERO!!! :)﻿Excellent work Brooke. Thank you for developing and sharing your talent!﻿Beautiful and inspiring! Thank You!﻿Noice!﻿I'm so glad to see Brooke again! I loved her in American Idol and I'm still 
a huge fan of hers. Her lyrics always always play to my heart. I 
particularly love the lyrics to this song. Each of us is a special and 
unique child of God.﻿Beautiful. Thank you for the lift. I needed it. :-)﻿Don't forget what you can become!!!!﻿Love having talent like this in the world shining bright.﻿Nice going Brooke. ﻿Great song!﻿beautiful :)﻿This is very DiVinE!  Beautiful and touching. It helps me feel divine.﻿Brooke White canta " algo divino " para recordarnos que todos somos hijos 
de Dios que nos ha dado talentos y responsabilidades . " Cada estrella es 
diferente , y también lo es cada niño . Algunos son brillantes y felices , 
y algunos son mansos y suave " .

Pero esto es algo más que un recordatorio de que las personas son 
diferentes . Se dan por Dios Nuestros diferentes fortalezas , talentos y 
dones . Son una invitación para que nos levantamos hasta nuestro potencial 
y las usamos para bendecir vidas : la nuestra y otros.

Hay algo en el interior , la canción nos recuerda . Hay algo divino . Somos 
hijos de un Padre en el Cielo que tiene un llamado divino para cada persona 
. A medida que nos esforzamos por ser lo mejor que podemos ser , estamos 
magnificando el plan de Dios y la realización del potencial que nos ha 
bendecido con .

" Siéntate con tu rostro hacia el sol y no te rindas hasta que se haga su 
trabajo", concluye la canción . Deje que su luz ilumine tu camino . Mira a 
él por la luz y la inspiración. " Y con el tiempo , usted encontrará algo 
divino . "  
Que hermoso video  :) ﻿