very good information﻿I absolutely love your channel every time I watch one of your video I 
remember god is with me and I could do all thing through Jesus Christ my 
god﻿Being in the temple is the sweetest heavenly experience.  It is a place 
where inspired thoughts flow freely.  It is a place where one can put aside 
the cares of the world and draw close to God, our Heavenly Father.  Most of 
all, it is a place where one sees clearly that the Lord Jesus Christ is the 
center of everything - our Brother and our Savior.  I love to go to the 
temple!﻿thanks for sharing this video about of temples...greetings from Talca, 
Chile﻿I am a baptized Catholic, and love and honor my faith.  One of my very good 
and beloved friends is LDS and a temple worker.  I do appreciate the Mormon 
ritual of baptizing the dead, and since my mother had never been baptized 
in life I asked my friend to have her baptized at the temple.  My father 
was baptized at the same temple after he passed in 1985 by his sister (my 
aunt) who was a Mormon.  Now I am considering having my parents sealed in 
the temple too.﻿"To understand the Temple, we must first understand...revelation and 
restoration of the fullness of the gospel..."  These are two important 
principles, in order to understand of why the temple are important to our 
families!!!  Contact an LDS missionary near you, or message us!!!  We Love 
Ya!﻿The Temple lifts me and is a place of tranquility. Grateful for the 
blessings of the Temple.﻿Read some contemporary works on the subject of temples. You can even find 
it in Micah 4:1 "But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the 
mountain of the house of the Lord shall be established in the top of the 
mountains " The phrase "mountain of the house of the Lord" is in reference 
to a physical temple. "Work of men's hands" is used always in reference to 
idolatry, but building a temple as Solomon is not of man's hand but God's. 
Why did Christ cast the moneychangers out of the temple?In fact, in contemporary times with the Temple of Solomon, there were about 
40 temples (of which we know from ruins) in operation around the Middle 
East. Also, the tabernacle and the Temple of Solomon were set up in the 
same manner for the same purpose. They needed a tent because they were 
migrant, but once they settled, there was no reason not to build a 
permanent temple. The Apostles of Christ met for sacraments and other 
rituals in the temple as noted in Acts and other contemporary works.and may this video heal yours :3May you stop reading the God delusion and actually do real research with 
your mind and spirit. Yes, you do have a spirit. Humble yourself and you 
will find it.the tabernacle was a temple. The israelites were wondering in the 
wilderness for 40 years. So they couldn't build a building so they used 
tents to make covenants and worship God. Also how could david build a house 
for the lord when he was unworthy to do so? The next king Soloman (who was 
worthy at the time) had the authority to build the temple. So yeah there 
have been temples build throughout historyI am a Mormon. I know it. I live it. I love it 3. :-) I love going inside 
the temple and just being overcome with the spiritMay science heal your diseased mind. "Throughout history, the Lord has commanded His people to build temples." 
Oh, really? The Israelites wanted to build a temple, but YAHWEH was 
perfectly content with his tent called the tabernacle. King David wanted to 
build a temple, but YAHWEH forbade it because of his sin with Bathsheeba.Which begs the question, "Is the bible really the ultimate authority on the 
earth, since nobody seems to agree upon what is said there?" This is why I 
am so grateful to have a living prophet on the earth today who speaks to us 
under the direction of Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ. Temples bring new 
understanding to 1 Cor. 15:29 which is the scripture that the wonderful 
Catholic priest mentions in the video. Before a temple dedication ceremony, anyone can enter the temple and walk 
through it to see what it is like on the inside. After a temple is 
dedicated, only worthy LDS members can enter the temple. Temple symbolizes the reality of God's existence and love to man. The 
purposes of the temple built during the time of Solomon is the same as the 
141 temples built worldwide today. It is d house of the Lord, a place of 
worship and revelation. It is a place where knowledge of eternity can be 
learned and realized. It is a place where husband and wife relationship can 
sealed to eternity. Its the only place where families can be sealed 
together forever. God's love is real, so His church & His TempleAfter a temple is built, there are open houses where anyone can go inside. 
Once it gets dedicated, a person needs a temple recommend to go inside.I do agree that the Bible says that people get baptized on behalf of the 
dead,and I think it is right that people do this, but I believe that God 
does not live in a house made with hands, that our bodies are the temple of 
the Lord since believers are part of the body of Jesus Christ.suddenly i feel the urge to visit the temple again Wonderful messageyou should definitely make that a goal! have you been in before? It's a 
wonderful experience, and I'm sure if you go you'll be able to receive 
guidance. Going to the temple brings so much peace to those who go as well as 
beautiful inspiration & being closer to the Lord and God.When they build the new temple. You cen go in at the date of temple open 
house. I have NO IDEA who would dislike this video...either people who are overly 
critical of video presentations themselves or embittered anti-mormons and 
excommunicated members. Who really knows, though?come on man, its help me strenghten my testimony that lds is the only true 
churchI love going to the temple with my husband:) It is such a blessing that we 
can be sealed to our families forever I have been inactive in the mormon church for so long due to problems at 
home, work, and college. But for some reason watching the mormon vids makes 
me want to go back to church.. and soo it shall be.. It is soo powerful... 
Although i face struggles in life. I will always have guidance :)I love working in the Melbourne Temple, because I know that I am helping 
those souls which never had the chance here in this life to go to the 
Temple for themselves. How much Heavenly Farther loves us. This makes so 
much sense for we all know God is truly merciful. He never forgets 
anyone,he loves us all. In the Temples those who died not knowing Jesus 
Christ are given that same chance. This is the God I always believed in and 
only found him in this church. I give thanks to my missionarys. Precisely my thoughts. Perhaps they can "enlighten" us?...Seriously, I 
wonder - will that barrier ever be broken for some people.Mormon Messages people...how can I get a copy of this in higher resolution 
for larger, HD displays? Because they have not been commanded to, also because they lost this 
privilege in Matthew 23....God has forsaken them as prophesied...But then 
again another prophecy is being brought in, and by this prophecy, they 
shall, one day build another one. ....But not until the Saviour arrives!John 2:19. Jesus answered them, “Destroy this temple, and I will raise it 
again in three days.” Jesus Christ is the temple, and one that cannot be 
destroyed. It is puzzling that mormons give such importante to temples... 
while claiming to be Christians.it's interesting to waste money on building quite expensive temples while 
people are starving. This is NOT christian - that's not what the Father is 
looking for. Check John 4:20-26 / Isaiah 1:10-15 Reformed Egyptian!That's the "tolerance" they proclaim for themselves. Hypocricy at its 
finest.Really! 502 dislike this video. who are they? What was to dislike about thatI can't think of a better place to receive inspiration about life's 
problems and questions. My wife and I go to the temple together to seek 
answers about things ranging from employment and financial issues to more 
spiritual questions about decisions we're considering. I'm glad to live 
within 20 minutes of two different temples in Utah.Jesus answered them, "Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise 
it up. The Jews then said, "It has taken forty-six years to build this 
temple, and will you raise it up in three days? But he was speaking about 
the temple of his body. The Jews have one sacred temple, never have they had more than one at any 
time, whether traveling in the wilderness(they had a portable temple) or 
the temple of Solomon. they have one sacred temple because that is what 
they have been commanded to have. We have many because we have been 
commanded to build them so that every member of the church is within a 
reasonable distance to a temple, because of the blessings and covenants 
that can only be received in a temple. I really really want to visit the temple. It'll so cool. Perhaps, in there, 
I'll feel about and realize more about God.I love getting to hear President Monson testify about the blessings of the 
temple. Truly, going to the temple helps us to unlock all of the blessings 
of the Atonement of Jesus Christ that our Heavenly Father so earnestly 
desires to give us. We merely have to seek, ask, and knock. =)so my question is, why don't jews build more temples?I love going to the San Diego temple because it is the place where I can 
directly speak with my heavenly father and ask him for guidance.Church leaders as well as other professors and the Dean of Divinity know 
why we build sacred Houses of the Lord where we go to serve, help bless, 
and provide eternal salvation to hundreds of millions of deceased children 
of God! I am Catholic and I love the Mormon temples. I believe all church's are 
"Houses of God" the temple is a special building for the purest ones to 
enterIf there is an LDS Temple being built in your area, I highly recommend 
anyone interested tour the temple when it is open to the public. I would 
love to hear about your experience after you see it and feel it firsthand.@mulatoypo Para respuestas, puedes buscar mormon.org, cambiar la lingua a 
la fondo izquierda, y escojar "Preguntenos" a la cima derecha. Lo siento, 
no hablo mucho espanol.@gladiator8324 There is nothing clear about the bible, or there wouldn't be 
so many variations and churches trying to explain it!If you read the bible, you will see that it clearly states that God does 
not dwell in temples made with the hands of men. The bible clearly states 
that the temple of the Old Testament was a picture of one day God dwelling 
in our bodies. Everyone born-again is a temple of God.@faithalonemormon Those type of questions will be answered on the Churches 
website Lds.org.@faithalonemormon The purpose of the temple is performing sacred saving 
ordinances.I'm going to the temple on my birthday, next wednesday. Best birthday 
present ever@SunshineConlon your awesome@vanillasunshyne thanks for giving us a chance! its true, most christians 
do only read the bible, but to me, a christian is anyone who is willing to 
follow jesus christ:) my favorite place to go to every Friday! What a blessing it is to have 
temples! Im not a Mormon but i love the idea of the Temple.And the beliefs behind 
them.My Mother passed away before i could tell her how much i loved her.I 
did not treat her to well yet she loved me and gave me her all til she 
could give no more and i wish i could see her again.@vanillasunshyne Doctrine and Covenants@loosifur Eph5:23 There is only one church...beware of false teachings. The 
greatest thing about the message of the restoration of the gospel of Christ 
is that it is true. It is the knowledge of the truth that will set the 
world free. Im very happy that I believed enough to meet with the 
missionaries... Like Joseph Smith I also sought knowledge as hidden 
treasure and it was my testimony that set me free:) REv19:10@sarissaki Prov2,3 Seek knowledge as hidden treasure and you can also know 
the truth Eph5:23 Matt6:33 seek not the vain things of this world... seek 
knowledge John17:3 The gospel of Christ has been restored once again in 
these latter-days and it is the power of God unto salvation to all those 
that believeth Rom1:16@thetechnologyvault Matt6:33 Eph5:23 I learn allot in the temple about 
these scriptures:) Its such a beautiful thing to have the gospel of Christ 
and to be able to be sanctified and perfected with your eternal family 
unit:) It will take us more than this life time to love our wives as Christ 
loves the church:) The gospel light has opened my eyes and has helped me to 
see that I truly need to repent and change in these latter-days...Matt24:14@MorganRox5441 We can be slaves to our own ignorance...and that is just one 
reason why pride is not good. Prov2,3 Eph5:23@squirrley45 AMEN @brenduhhize Eph 5:23@ajeremy09 Knowledge and understanding needs to be sought after as hidden 
treasure. Prov2,3 Heavenly Father is not being placed in a box... and also 
this is not just another religion. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints is the only true church on the face of this earth... Eph5:23 Jesus 
Christ is the head of the church. The gospel of Christ has been restored in 
these latter-days Rom1:16 Matt24:14 I know that this is true and it is my 
testimony that has set me free.@TheAngelmj15 same here...im a first generation member:) patience. If you 
have a desire, let that desire lead you to act....and with the right 
actions the blessings will follow. How great is your desire? What do you 
need to do? what can you do? God knows the answer to all these 
guestions...seek them as hidden treasure and with enough faith you can move 
mountains:)I love going to the Temple here in Hawaii ;) I just wish my family could go 
there withe, but I know they will.. :)Maybe this comment doesn't belong here.. but. The best weapon to 'kill' 
your enemies with.. Love, and kindness. You'll get the most unexpected 
results.@ajeremy09 I also wonder about if god is the 3 omni's then shouldn't all of 
their life be a prayer since he already knows everything you do as you do 
it.@ajeremy09 The temple is where we can go to feel closer to God. Yes, we can 
find God anywhere, but in the temple there is a greater ability to draw 
closer to Him and feel his presence. It eliminates the distractions of the 
world and allows us to focus all of our mind and spirit on Him. We do not 
just place him in a box, so to speak. We also feel his presence in our 
weekly worship in chapels, and in our daily lives as we pray and seek to 
find Him. The temple is for us to feel him even morewhat was lost? thre is nothing in the BoM that was not covered in the Bible.i love the temples.. is a place of love, pace, light.. Thank you God 4 Give 
us the Gospel in our days.@ajeremy09 There is more to the temple than just feeling close to our 
Heavenly Father. There is also very important work done which is necessary 
for eternal salvation. Feeling closer to God whilst inside is just a bonus 
i guess. We are not restricting His spirit to a box, everyone can feel His 
love and presence everywhere. However, having gone through the temple 
myself, you feel a spirit in there that you have never felt before and you 
know without a doubt that you are in a holy place.@ajeremy09 we can feel his presence every where the temple is just where 
you can feel it the strongest It is a beautiful thing, i go to the church of jesus christ of latter day 
saints and im 11 and i have been inside the temple next to it, it is 
amazing! you feel so diffrent in a good way, i went in for the open house 
of the temple and when i was at an activity day at my church, and it is 
just you can feel more close of more amazing its the best thing you could 
ever do.Here's what I don't understand: I believe God is omnipresent...He's 
everywhere. It seems to me that (in this religious mindset) God is being 
placed into a "box"...or a Temple in this case. Jesus tore the veil to the 
holy of holies when He died on the cross at Calvary. That says to me that 
God can be experienced anytime, anywhere! I think if we place too much 
emphasis on a building...we are denying in some fashion the greatness of 
our Chief Cornerstone!I live close to the Cardston Temple which is in the southwest corner of 
Alberta Canada. This was the first Temple in Canada and some of THE most 
beautiful wood work is in this Temple, it simply took my breath away. I 
also go to church in the oldest working LDS church in Canada. It is so 
humbling to know that those walls were erected by the men who founded our 
church....we even have a balcony! lol Im so proud and humbled to be LDS, i 
wish all to seek and find your place in God's kingdom.Temples are such peaceful, beautiful places. We go there to learn, to serve 
our families and to feel the spirit. I love to go there, especially with my 
family. We are so blessed to have temples as the central focus in our 
church and daily lives. Everything we do should focus on the temple.Elder Holland!! :DD@loosifur Yes, in away, "The fundamental principles of our religion are the 
testimony of the Apostles and Prophets, concerning Jesus Christ, that He 
died, was buried, and rose again the third day, and ascended into heaven; 
and all other things which pertain to our religion are only appendages to 
it". Joseph Smith@gooieslee The places we normally meet at are called "Chapels" or "Meeting 
Houses". What many call a church. The Temples are sacred places where we 
perform sacred ordinances, sealings, Baptisms for the Dead and marriage 
sealings. Like in ancient times and through out the Bible, Temples were 
places of special worship, places of holiness and cleaniness. It really sums up Mormonism!@gooieslee A church (often called a "chapel" or "meeting house" by the LDS 
community) is a place to gather every week and fellowship with each other 
and take the Sacrament (called "Communion" by other Christians), as well as 
other meetings and activities throughout the week. We consider the Temples 
to be the most holy places on earth, buildings specifically dedicated to 
God where special ordinances are performed (e.g. baptism for the dead and 
the sealing of families for eternity).Why is it not called a church?How could anybody dislike this video? @loosifur Haha. No, we are Christians. :D Whenever I attend the temple, my marriage is strengthened, I find answers 
to questions about life, and my overall perspective is improved. I love to 
attend the temple with my wife. We were married in the Manti Temple almost 
8 years ago. Each time we return to the temple together, we are reminded 
that God ordained marriage, our marriage, and that he expects us to work 
hard to make it as fulfilling as he intended. I'm grateful to see temples 
being built across the world.