Jesus have mercy on us﻿"We speak of Christ, we rejoice in Christ, preach of Christ, we prophecy of 
Christ, and we write according to our prophecies that our children may know 
to what source they may look for a remission of their sins." 2 Nephi 25:26.﻿For god so loved the world he gave his only begotten son and that who ever 
believes in him well not perish but shall have everlasting life﻿Thank you GOD!!!!!!!﻿Love this video. I am so thankful for Jesus Christ and for all He did for 
me and you. He suffered so much, when er are in pain either physically or 
emotionally remember Christ understands. He went through all the trials of 
this world and endured It all. I love Him so much.﻿FOR GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD!﻿Hi, there. Is there anyone of you who can help me? I'm looking for a video 
where Jesus proclaim his death, which is taken from John 12 : 20. This is 
for my church's project. I appreciate so much. thank you.﻿AMEN thanks GOD in the name of your son JESUS CHRIST . GOD is good all the 
time AMEN﻿The why John 3:16 "For God so loved the world...." doesn't make sense at 
all: watch?v=VWAUhadJzTk﻿This video always gives me the strengh to make through each day. amenIt's the best ever, It gives me strenth and I Praise my Lord. It is the 
greatest video ever made. My favorite, Praise God The Holy of Holies.god's love is for all of us seek and ye shall find himi really really like this video! because it´s like a compilation of the 
entire live of Jesus Christ and it really fills my heart with love and 
hope! His words have the power to change lifes, as mine and make better 
people all over the world! LETS ALL BE SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF GOD, LETS ALL 
BE TRUE LATTER-DAYS SAINTS, LETS ALL REMEMBER HIS SACRIFICE AND LETS ALL BE 
WORTHY OF ITJesus lives! Every prayer is heard! Glory be to God!A great video to show your family on Easter and talk about the life of the 
Savior. very inspiring video , But why all the Women are covering the head ? He is the misia and some people are foolish not to believe this.Today I 
needed to feel his peace,forgiveness,and strengh.Whoever believe in Jesus 
will have everlasting life.If you ask you will recieve,if you knock he will 
open,if you search you will find. Incredible and true :) I'm really just want to hug my Lord... i have home, food, loving parents, 
but i wish that world could end tomorrow, and see my Lord returning for me, 
for us, in great glory. Because he has overcome the world.te soy un eterno deudor, Jesucristo.im not a mormon but i love this video Truly Inspiring respects.We are ALL His Brothers and Sisters........Peace to you each and EVERY day 
my friend!pray concerning are church and you shall know all thingsI guess you wanted to take some time off... Did you really need to drag it 
out for over a week ?? This is very inspiring!OUR LIGHT SHALL LIGHT. AMEN WHOSOEVER BELIVETH IN HIM(JESUS) SHALL NOT 
PERISH BUT HAVE EVERLASTING LIFE...If this doesn't make you love Jesus idk what can...such a convicting video. 
Rendered speechless Too bad that you're not into investigating the Church. If you really get 
into Jesus, then the LDS Church is the place for you. We study the Bible by 
starting in Genesis and progress through Revelation. We do the same with 
the Book of Mormon, which is the study of Jesus coming to the Americas. I 
know that the LDS Church is the true Church because I have studied it's 
teachings for over 50 years!love this video... Everyone should watch this video. It made me cry. The tears of pain for his 
crucifixion , then the tears of joy for his resurrection. Thank goodness we 
do have Savior who loves us.Who is doing the voice of Jesus here? Absolutely brilliant!!Christ was a Jew, a literal descendent of David, who was caucasian (white). 
This in no way diminishes the Negro, Oriental or any other race. Ask a 
Mormon missionary and they will share this with you.The share URL is for the Piano Guys video, can't copy properly. the pianoguys brought me hereHis legacy... our opportunity for everlasting life.a movie ?Mormonism, yes... hmhmhmhmh...Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to 
the Father except through me.Powerful and moving. I'm amazed so much can be said with so few words, and 
in less than five minutes.At what depths must the sin, sorrow or pain must be and the great glory of 
the Son of Man is always there if we only reach. I wish I had the strength, 
dear Lord, but too often short is my reach to be with Thee. All praise be 
to the Son of Man who hath overcome all and hath fulfilled all of The 
Father's Works.AMEN!!!Wonderful He prayed continually As all our pains pressed on Him Steadfast, 
committedly Still, naught a bit did soften Ridicule, betrayal, Mockery, 
abandonment Torture that became fatal Elements of the atonement He asks 
that we forgive And turn the other cheek Like Him we are to live He humble, 
kind, and meekMade my hair stand on end. Not down for mormanism, but I love Jesus!!! 
Thanks for this inpirational video.Soooo sick of seeing Jesus as a White guy.Greater love has no man than this....that a man lay down his life for his 
friends..He overcame the world, I needed this as I've been feeling 'the weight of 
the world' this week. Thank you for the reminder. Most IMPORTANT video ever put on youtube too.JESUS IS LORDThis new release is my favorite video yet out of The Life and Teachings of 
Jesus Christ! I hope you enjoy it too. This is what I am thankful for: My 
Savior, His Gospel, and my family and friends. what was that song playing? His peace passeth all understanding!!! I know He lives because as a sinful 
man, separated from God, I have learned that I become clean through obeying 
God's words delivered to prophets & His holy Only Begotten Son, Our Savior, 
Jesus Christ to repent. Christ's atonement makes it possible for us to 
overcome sins of omission and commission, develop His righteousness, 
godliness. He testified we should seek 1st, if we want to be happy & gain 
all that Our perfect Father in Heaven hath!!!!!!!!!!beautiful music Wonderful, Wonderful...What an amazing video!!! It helped me to feel his spirit even stronger. What a great video to learn about the Savior and what he did for us! He 
loves us all!These are difficult times. Many people are suffering financially, 
physically, or emotionally, but no matter what our circumstance we should 
all be eternally grateful for the atonement and everything our big brother 
has done for us :) Thank you for making this video and reminding me what I 
really should be thinking about this Thanksgiving Season!You and me both. I need to do more.As a soon-to-be missionary (Ukraine Kyiv), this video reassured me that I 
will truly be doing the work of the Lord. "The Spirit of the Lord is upon 
me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath 
sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, 
and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are 
bruised." I can't wait! (And I won't!) :)Very well produced and most importantly a powerful message of truth.Wonderful!I love this video...very clean and it has a precious message.angel pushes stone over. Oh Yeah! pure awesomeness...but no in all 
seriousness this was great to watch and be reminded ofBeautifulSooo grateful for my Savior <3 I dont show Him that enough. :/Thank you for posting this. This is exactly what I needed to hear. Thank 
you. :) Absolutely beautiful. Thanks. I needed to feel His peace today. With God truly all things are 
possibleThank you!!!!!!!!Thankful for Him.Amen, and amen. Greatest video that has ever been put on YouTube.What a fantastic video, one of my favorites and really invited the Spirit 
this morning!Lovely!