I am grateful for the birth of the Savior.﻿made me shed a tear. lets give not focus on getting this christmas﻿May the Christmas Spirit be within all hearts. May we be a little kinder, a 
little giving and forgiving, acquire a little more patience, and bring hope 
to others. May we lift our eyes towards heaven and remember our Lord and 
Savior, Jesus Christ.﻿This is such an incredible message! Really touched me =) Also, if you 
didn't know, this video is featured on the Dear Elder website! P.S. That is 
definitely hot cocoa at 3:20-3:27 haha =)great message.I am in this video.... What a perfect message for any time of year.The most beautiful thing u can share is yourself and your love to othersI love this video! I've watched it over and over again. The choir sounds 
marvelous and Pres. Monson's words really make me think if I am doing 
everything I can to give of myself. Thank you!My Sunday School teacher showed my class this video today. It really 
touched my heart. This is the true meaning of Christmas.Beautiful, absolutely beautiful. Tears in my eyes beautiful. Thank you.I love this video!Christ is the real meaning of Christmas. Simple yet profound message, inspiring video clips, nice touch at the end: 
"What will you give for Christmas...Christ?I love these videos. They remind me what is important.very nice message. touches my heart. giving should not be only during 
christmasThis is a beautiful message!hope that the leaders in the ward are more sensetive to the needs of the 
less furtunate members to thier medicines not looking for help outside 
church and thier hospitalization those cannot afford have a strong welfare 
to the needs of members not just they wait for the leaders to helpI will give all I have, for all I have was given to me by Him.That was a great message to everyone to the whole world!Merry Christmas everyone! May we feel the spirit of Christ on this blessed 
day, as well as everyday. :)Merry CHRISTMAS to all; and may we each work hard at bringing this special 
feeling of love to all we meet this coming year! Charity NEVER Faileth.That was, hands down, one of THE best Christmas messages I have ever heard. 
Thank you for putting this together.Great. I love the song in this one.I love this message. During church yesterday, we heard from a wonderful 
family that shared and bore their testimonies and experiences of giving up 
their Christmas to help provide for another family in need. I think that 
the message of "giving" is such a powerful one...and it definitely will be 
a goal for this Christmas. The Mormon Tabernacle Choir brings such a strong 
spirit of love and joy...this is such a great video!Gracias por este linda mensaje. Estuve bien deprimida, pero me siento mejor 
pensando en esto, Gracias.I loved this video. It makes me so happy to know that among all the bad 
that goes on in this world, there are still so many that do good. The 
images displayed here are a small taste of what I imagine Zion to be. 
Service is the best thing we could ever do!This is my new favorite video. My friend is there doing lights at 0:20 :)i wish i could help make these videos..This message really moved me... I'm a grown man and I started tearing up, 
even though I was in a public library. Being busy with school finals and 
work and life, I almost forgot why I would be having a break from school 
and flying home. We all need to remember why we put up lights and a tree, 
and remember our savior at this time of year. And then we must remember 
each other and genuinely give of ourselves. Merry Christmas everyone!Great message!Yup, that pushed it over the top. Where can I buy the DVD of all the movies 
featured on You-tube's Mormon Message?These LDS messages look like they were done on the Canon 5DMkII. These are 
very well done and practical. I would be interested in knowing more about 
their productions and equipment.Thanks, I needed some positivity.Great Message...We are the Gift!!!yuo, amen<3 :')I loved the whole thing! Woah, maybe ill have something for a spiritual 
thought for seminary tomorrow.a message with pristine clarity.What a beautiful Christmas message.Yet another beautiful message. Thanks so much for everything you do! =Dits not 1 day that we have to give som things away its inportand that we 
can give things away avry single day to make poeple smile.....I Love This Video, It Made Me Cry Of Happiness :)We all should give a little something for someone that you know or don't 
know. We can think of many things we can do in this time of giving.I am so blessed to be in the Gospel. I love Prophet Thomas.S.Monson. He is 
the man of god. Jesus is our Saviour and He leads us every day..I will give 
myself to him in his service.Amenaww i love itMerry CHRISTmas! May we each strive to let the spirit of giving and service 
last the whole year through!great message! thanks =]The part where he shared his food and spoke with the homeless man really 
touched me. Thank you :)What a great message. What can we give this Christmas season? Give of 
ourselves and serve others.So very inspiring. I wish that I was better able to overcome my selfishness 
and always think about what I can give instead of get.Very good :).I love the way this video makes me feel inside, all warm and at peace.this is a beautiful message:)Wow. That was good. I know it was good cuz it made a guy like me suddenly 
get cloudy vision...