this makes me happy this trully is an gift of god God makes deaf people, Exodus 4:11 and John chapter 9......do you believe 
it? I took ASL in Community college for my language courses, many of the 
students, all hearing, wanted to become translators! We all fell in love 
with the deaf culture and we went to many deaf community events and it was 
fun trying to sign and understand their stories. There is a strength, 
comfort, and boldness that comes with the ASL language and I really love to 
try signing when I am around others signing, even though I'm not very good 
anymore. I really enjoyed this video! :)This is amazing! I had never thought about how one would go about 
translating anything into ASL. Such an inspiring video.sorry, no way i can watch this for an hour. i love the shorts you do thoPlease organize this channel, people who stumble upon mormon messages want 
spiritual messages. While this is a unique piece, it doesn't belong here. this is so cool i wish i could sign:)This is really inspiring and interesting. I loved how she said that even 
hearing people are normal. thank you so much for sharing.I think it is inspiring. Remember how the gospel will sound in every ear. 
It is awesome that the even those who cannot hear will get to know the 
beauty of the restored truths found in it.Wonderful!It is great to show the effort she made to help bring the gospel for the 
deaf people. Minnie Mae was the first deaf person that my mom met. After 
that, I was blessed with ASL. I am deaf and I use ASL to communicate. My 
mom is hearing and is the first person in my whole family to enforce sign 
language at home. I admire Minnie Mae so much.its actually interesting :)Thank you soo much! Even though i don't speak ASL, I do speak Dutch Sign 
Language. This is so inspiring and definitely strengthened my Testimony!lol, I was watching for about 1.5 minutes before I realized its an hour 
long. XD I am sorry but I just do not have the time right now.What a remarkable blessing to be able to translate the Book of Mormon. I 
think that would definitely strengthen my testimony of my Savior, Jesus 
Christ. I don't know why this was uploaded by this channel, i would make a 
different channel for these types of videos