Yes they can. What a wonderful thing to have a sure knowledge of!﻿Wonderful﻿Shaytards sang this in their last vlog and it was amazing﻿I am a Mormon I do not have a father to hold the priest hood but I try my 
best to strengthen family's no matter where you are who you live with you 
will live with your heavenly father in heaven.You will see your family 
again﻿I'm love this song and i love this gospel.♥


My english it's no perfect, because i'm speak spanish sorry :)﻿The family is being attacked relentlessly these days, and from these times 
come the right time when people really need to hear this song. I know just 
how it works because my older sibling is currently being attacked by 
frustration from previous bad choices and is taking it out in much rage on 
her family members. NEVER stop loving your family or ever think they don't 
love you and can't help you. NEVER let temptation attack you. Stay true to 
the family, and when you don't know what to do, listen to the simplest 
songs like this, and seek God's help. I KNOW that my family CAN be forever 
together, and am working and serving to help my family member so that we 
truly can. Families are more important than anything else in the entire 
earthly world. I end this brief, choppy piece of my testimony humbly in the 
name of Jesus Christ, Amen.﻿This song warms my heart and I love to listen to it. It let's me know that 
I can always be with the people who love me. I am just so dissapionted in 
how many dislikes there are. But yet this song makes me calm when I am mad 
and always makes me feel like I am never alone. I love this song and Mormen 
Channel who always lightens my life.﻿My Daughter loves singing I am a child of god when singing the song I see 
her little soul light up through her. I feel the grace and love when 
hearing this song. It makes my heart smile and my soul alive. I am a child 
of God Dearest heavenly father may you bless all us on earth creatures 
small and large and the earth. Keep us close to your heart with grace and 
love forever and always love you heavenly Father the son and the holy ghost 
forever and always deep in our hearts in the name of Jesus Christ Amen xoxo﻿Love this song, something about her voice calms my baby instantly. ﻿Love this song﻿i love this song﻿Her voice is so sweet & touching ﻿great song﻿nice song﻿Awsome﻿I love this gospel ﻿Hi, I'm from the city of Mexico, I like being a Mormon, and never ceased to 
be, I am the third generation of my family, and my next generations, we're 
await the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.﻿I'm not mormon any longer, but this song still brings happy hopeful tears 
to my eyes. Reminds me of when I was a child, I wish I could get that 
innocence back where I still believed everything would turn out alright so 
long as I was a good girl. I don't know if this will help you. I married outside the covenant too. I 
was inactive at the time myself. after time I went back to church. I fasted 
and prayed about not being married forever. I even got a blessing and it 
told me to be patience and I would be sealed. After that I just continued 
the fasting, praying and going to church and it did happen. All I did know 
from him was that he wanted to be together forever ever. He did love me 
even if he didn't know the church.the first presidency and the counsil of the twelve proclaim that"family is 
ordain of god"family is cetral to our heavenly fathers plan .i love song The book opens To a family Here, the final chapter Is to turn out happily 
Here, in the ideal setting Joys and sorrows are learned While of self, 
there's forgetting As to another love is turned Through daily sacrifice 
Good works abound Sharing the love of Christ Purely to be foundi love this song i always feel the spirit when i listen to this i love 
being lds and i cant wait to be reunited with my loved ones and my big sis yo me sello en este Septiembre con mi familia que bueno pray always for him,,, iknow he will realize everything and understand, God 
bless you and your family just stay strong with him... don't ever let 
satan's grab you and your family.... pray.. pray.....are you mormanPut it in the context of your love for one another. Wouldn't he want your 
family ties to go on forever? For eternity? Keep the Faith. The Lord loves 
you! :)the shaytards sent me hereShaytard.Thumbs up if The Shaytards brought you hereIm a catholic, and i share as well that the family should be forever, no 
matter what religion you are, we're all together in this word and we should 
love each other, just like God loves no matte what, its amazing how people 
still beleive theres hope in this world, and that hope its called family, i 
can't wait to have my own family, marry my wife, and have some beautiful 
daughters, god bless you all!!I'm happy shaycarl put this link on his video. It's the pure and honest 
truth. It's beautiful! I love this song :) Our family are active member, I had sealed with my 
parents in temple since Oct 2012. I know that I'll meet them again after 
this life. :)I married outside the covenant, never had temple sealing with my husband. I 
believe families can be together forever... I want to be with him for time 
and eternity... but what makes me feel sad is he doesn't believe that we 
can be together forever, I'll still keep on believing. I have faith in Him. 
I need help... I really need help. im lacking the courage to open this kind 
of topic to my husband.This song is one of my favorite primary song. It seems lyrics is very 
simple but it's really powerful.I love this song so much and I can't help myself from not crying listening 
to its meaningful message.So very true.All of you people who commented who have good things to say about these 
videos and the church. Thank you. Youtube has many people who are against 
our faith and want to destroy us. But just know if we stand together and 
endure to the end we can make the world a better place each day. Love you 
brothers and sisters. :)I love jesusThere is so much we do not understand in this life. God is our Father, the 
father of our spirits. We are his children and we are all family. We need 
to remember that and if we do, I am sure we will treat each other better. 
As my brothers and sisters, I love you, I may not be perfect in my love as 
our Savior Jesus Christ, but it does not stop me from trying. To those 
seeking true peace in life, step back, reflect and learn about our Savior 
Jesus Christ and his infinite atonement for you and me.Dear BroadwayBabys, just never give up and never stop being an example for 
your family. You will be blessed for your humble efforts and you will bless 
their lives by your willingness to press forward in faith. So proud of you. Sir.. could i ask if what is the software u use in making that great video As a convert, the talking is totally required and is a great message. Look 
for another version on here minus the talking :-)i love my familywhat is the title of the song?Your family is right.Stay strong. You are awesome. I'm in a similar situation but I am a 15 year old that commonly goes to 
church alonesbroadwaybaby2. Sometimes others will state no baptisim after they leave 
this earth. The miracle of the Gospel is everyone will be able to hear the 
truth and when it does not reveal in an earthly life the opportunity is 
never lost for those who did not accept the Gospel on earth. All will be 
able to either accept or reject the gospel of Jesus Christ all will have 
the same opportunity to choose as if they were still on earth families are 
forever and God has made provision's to make this possible.ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ Mormons are some of the nicest﻿ people you'll 
ever meet :) ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ we have to love every person on the earth no matter she or he look like it 
matter thats she or he a nice person and you have to feel what is her or 
his feeling with out friends my teacher said that to us when i was youngUno de mis himnos favoritos ♥ :')Elder Eyring is awesome!!!!!We send out our Prayers to you and your family :)niceI promise. i feel the holy ghost rght now everyone needs to feel the holy spirit during this song i know i did!My sister just lost her two month old baby boy last night. I can't be with 
her to comfort her and remind her of the blessings of the temple, but I 
hope that through my many prayers, she can find comfort in that. Families 
can be together forever. I know this and feel it stronger today more than 
ever before. Baby Diego will forever be ours.My dad passed away a couple of years ago, and this piece of knowledge 
brought peace to my heart knowing that we are together forever. And that I 
get to see him again. :) why could you not leave this video as just the song as I sang it as a 
child, not to say the speaking was not correct, but was it required?I can understand how you feel. I grew up with a dad who didn't go to 
church. I love my family very much. But, I remember not wanting to hear 
that song in Primary. It would make me sad that my family wouldn't be 
together; I felt like the only person in my ward with parents who weren't 
married in the temple. Of course, I was not the only one. Heavenly Father 
knows us & loves our families, He will take care of us. Someday you can be 
married in the temple and have a forever family of your own! i have the same problem,but we know we can not force someone to believe or 
to go to church. but always remember some of the great things you will 
learn is by trying to help those and by doing what you know is right you 
know is rightHey, are you still doing okay? I hope so. Make sure to befriend people in 
church and go to all the activities. When you eventually get into the 
singles ward go to FHE and all the singles events - they are a lot of fun a 
sort of family bond is formed there, which helps. :)i'm so much grateful for my family. i know families can be together 
forever. even though my parents are now departed from this mortal 
existence, i know we can be with them again because i have the assurance 
that we can see them again & we are still a family for time & all eternity 
because we have been sealed together as a family in this life. i'm so much 
thankful also for the opportunity that i have to be married with my husband 
for time & all eternity in the House of the Lord. i love my family.my young sister you are stronger than you know. you are created in the 
likeness of a God you loves you so much, he gave his only son. i am a grown 
man with daughters your age...you have even strengthened me...keep up the 
great work one day your efforts and faith will be rewarded...aloha!!! awwww i am so sorry i know what you feelI hope you still go don't give up you are strong nd a wonderful example and 
hopefully ur dad will see it and try harderI don't know the details of your situation but I have been taught that the 
blessings of a temple sealing still apply even when there is a divorce. My 
Aunt and Uncle had a divorce and had been married in the temple. They are 
still sealed to their children and can enjoy other blessings of that 
sealing if they keep their covenants. They are just not sealed to each 
other anymore because that covenant is broken. Verify the particulars with 
your bishop but I thought you might want to know. These are still some great hymns. For those who are dealing with emotional 
struggles like my family is now that I am no longer a member of a church, 
don't take it personally as an attack that we don't want to spend eternity, 
we just see things a different way but still want to be united even if it 
isn't as members of the same religion. I speak on behalf of Ex-Mormons who 
are misunderstood by their families. @aichaisme4321 LDS President Gordon B Hinckley Said this about The church's 
attitude towards polygamy: "This church had nothing whatsoever to do with 
those practicing polygamy. They are not members of this church.. If any of 
our members are found to be practicing plural marriage, they are 
excommunicated, the most serious penalty a church can impose. Not only are 
those so included in direct violation of civil law, they are inviolation of 
the church law."It makes complete sense to me that if you love your family here, why would 
you not want to be with them? @aichaisme4321 Hey, I didn't see a reply to your question, so sorry if I 
repeat what someone else said. But no, we no longer practice polygamy. That 
stopped in 1890. :)How powerful it is to me that we have a Heavenly Father that loves us so 
much that's He's blessed us with families here on this earth, but above 
that, has blessed us with a way to be with them through all eternity 
because of the Atonement of Jesus Christ. I encourage all members of all 
faiths to share this powerful message with others, that is, that families 
can be together forever.@Aichaisme4321 I appreciate you wanting to ask a Mormon about their own 
religion instead of someone who knows nothing about us! Here is a quote 
from our last President of the church, Gordon B. Hinckley: "This Church has 
nothing whatsoever to do with those practicing polygamy. They are not 
members of this Church.... If any of our members are found to be practicing 
plural marriage, they are excommunicated, the most serious penalty the 
Church can impose. Not only are those so involved in direct vi@Aichaisme4321 I appreciate you wanting to ask a Mormon about their own 
religion instead of someone who knows nothing about us! Here is a quote 
from our last President of the church, Gordon B. Hinckley: "This Church has 
nothing whatsoever to do with those practicing polygamy. They are not 
members of this Church.... If any of our members are found to be practicing 
plural marriage, they are excommunicated, the most serious penalty the 
Church can impose. Not only are those so involved in direct vi@aichaisme4321 No, polygamy is no longer practiced, and those who do are 
excommunicated.@ChikalaandFearless I hope you do anything good that is in your heart@wiabinte Honestly...If I could recommend something to my best friend that 
is of greater value to him or her and it will come to affect his life to 
raise it to the very top ... I would recommend to listen to the Elders and 
follow their advice, because if it does ... it's a stairway to heaven, 
where God himself dwells. No Offense,like at all but i need to ask out of my own ignorance to this 
religon,you know, besides what i'ev seen on the media. Do you( by you i 
mean Mormons) still believe in Polygomy?@wiabinte You should it will be one of the best decisions of your life, 
please look a Mormon.org if you haven't already. :) 