Elder Perry was truly a great apotle of living Christ﻿Semper Fi Elder Perry.﻿Thank you.. ELder.. We love YOu!! :-(((﻿to L Tom Perry God bless to Tom thank for being fathfill to Tom my god 
bless you kepping work going thank bro will am j flaherty
﻿I will miss so much God bless Elder Ltom Perry you are home with heaven 
father I will miss a lot browilliam John Flaherty member.Yakima 5th ward . ﻿Elder L. Tom Perry, thank you for your work and teachings at the Church. 
Amen,﻿Ele nos deixou um legado, exemplo de como podemos servir na obra do Senhor. 
Se nós fizemos o que ele nos deixou, com certeza vamos progredir 
﻿He was a great leader and a chosen man of God Elder Tom Perry we love and 
miss you from us Tuilagis Family﻿this was really wonderful.﻿Love this even though it a tangihanga (funeral). Service. I an sure Elder 
.L. Tom Perry is singing and praising in the Celestrial.﻿What is the very first hymn the Choir sings? It elevates me every morning!﻿Who are the nine people who did not like this video when it is showing 
respect for a wonderful and loved man?????﻿The service was really wonderful. It would be a lot better if Andy played 
"God Be with You Till We Meet Again" on the organ instead of "I Know That 
My Redeemer Lives". But what ever is fine. Again the service was really 
wonderful.﻿Hinckley said Pte one you see, everything will be alright calm. all the 
saints we know where it goes, and that will make while there comes the 
great resurrection, and so to see him again, not a goodbye, that he will 
live forever. 

Pte Hinckley una ves dijo, tranquilos todo estara bien. todos los santos 
sabemos hacia donde va el, y que hara ahi mientras viene la gran 
resureccion, y asi poder verle de nuevo, no es un adios, por que el vivira 
eternamente.﻿death is the golden gate to eternal life﻿He will be missed. a great apostle of out Lord Jesus Christ.﻿Thank you Brother Tom :)
Till we meet again.﻿Beautiful and very touching.﻿I will miss your zeal for the gospel of Jesus Christ.  Thank you for all 
you have done for the church.  We love you, Elder Perry.﻿The Church goes on even when such a great apostle goes on, we love you 
Perry family.﻿My parents were sealed by Elder Perry in the Salt Lake Temple when they 
married nearly 30 years ago. I'm grateful for Elder Perry's faithfulness, 
his service, and his witness of Christ. On a lighter note, I loved 
listening to his voice when he spoke in conference...I will always smile 
and think of his voice whenever I hear the words "believe" or "declare."﻿I love how throughout his life he's focused on service and the theme 
continues in his own memorial services. The meeting seems to have been 
designed to bring comfort for those who knew him and loved. God bless the 
Perry family.﻿Out of all that I started to know, I have always liked Elder Perry for some 
reason, I loved calling him snappy tom [ from tom and jerry] , in all 
affection..Sad for family, but yet not lost, will see him soon and become 
what we will [want]to be, a family forever﻿Elder Tom Perry you will be remembered through your good works , we love 
you may your soul rest in peace.﻿Elder L. Tom Perry is a great apostle of god, for the love for him is 
strong. Rest in heaven peacfully. Love the Mormons.﻿I am so upset that he past away but least he will be with Heavenly Father.﻿It is beautiful, to think, that all the japanese brothers and sisters he 
helped rebuild their churches, might have greeted him on his homecoming. 
Welcome home Brother Perry.﻿This is so inspirational. I knew him because he lived in building next to 
me when I lived at Zion Summit. He was a great , personable, person and 
apostle. Thanks for the great poem and talk Pres Monson that encompassed 
his life.﻿Truly, Elder L. Tom Perry is a man of God.﻿thank you for posting this! we were in Nauvoo and weren't able to watch it 
online.﻿La mejor manera de recordar a los hombres de Dios sera siguiendo al pie de 
la letra sus consejos. Amamos al hno. PERRY, desde Mexico.﻿Elder Perry was one of my favorites. Rest in peace, dear brother. Love, 
Robert﻿Elder Perry has always come through as a man of a pure heart and mind. One 
with a testimony of the reality of God our Father and His Son, our Redeemer.
His Apostolic Calling ha helped us, the church member, to understand what 
is good and what is corrupt in our society. His direct way of speaking left 
no doubt of what he wanted to teach, sometimes with a warning to everyone 
who would listen.
My condolences to his family. We will weep for a while since he has left us 
and his temporal abode, but we are sure of where he is now: "Helping many 
on the other side of the veil to understand things as they really are''.
Good by Elder Perry, until we meet again.

Angel Herrero
Miami, Fl.﻿Simply beautiful.﻿Rest in peace Elder Perry﻿