What a beautiful story!!! Letting God take the wheel is not always easy, 
but he sure does drive us thru beautiful places we may not ever have been 
willing to drive to. So happy for you!! I have learned to be not only 
patient during trials, but patient with a purpose!!! That sweet boy had to 
come to this earth and grow to be yours at the perfect time!!! We never 
know what the Lord is doing while we wait......faith and trust while we 
wait!! Thx for sharing, truly touched my heart❤️﻿Unfortunately I am a skeptic of the foster care system and most adoptions, 
but when adoptions occur at that young an age I have some hope. God bless 
you.﻿That is such a precious adoption that blessed that family.﻿If you are sealed for all time and eternity your child you adopted can also 
be sealed to you for all time and eternity.﻿Touching story. But seems a bit selfish to me as she had already been 
blessed to have two children. You might want to consider those rare sisters 
in the Church, who met their DH's in YSA and married in the temple, but 
weren't blessed with the equipment to create children of their own. ﻿I think you missed the point this message was trying to convey. She doesn't 
love her two biological children any less, nor is she ungrateful for them. 
I think her reaction at 1:32 was more theatrical than anything. Instead, 
this is saying that she felt God wanted her to have more children, but she 
was confused because she couldn't have them herself. Try to take it in the 
spirit it was meant instead of imposing negative implications that aren't 
there.Wow he is going to have a blessed life , god love is all on herthis is super sweet :)I Think this Woman is amazing and she knows the Plan of Salvation.God Bless 
her...I hope you learned since you made that comment but just in case Anyone can 
receive and it's not your place to decide if the lord grants a blessing or 
not. Also the video implies to those who can't get pregnant to adopt. Mormon Messages have come a long way!Very cute baby! However, people need to be much more satisfied with what's 
in front of them. She at least had 2 biological children, many people are 
not even afforded one (in which they are blessed to adopt). She needs to 
get therapy, not try to fill some void of unhappiness; it doesn't fix the 
problem. Watch her reaction to her daughter at 1:32. Pathetic. I don't care 
for the message in this video (although the baby is ridiculously cute); 
doesn't sound like a truly humble, grateful message...Thanks for your humble words!Whatever the happens to you, bad or good, it has to happen for a reason. 
I'm only 14 and yet I can already tell that the lord always has your 
interests in mind. He is your father and he sees and protects you. He'll 
never forsake you, his child.This happens to me all the time! My music tastes have shifted so much 
recently as I've realized that hopeful songs breed hope, not angry or sad 
songs.Amen. Sometimes, when doubt, or sadness, or fera, or what have creep in 
through the doorway to my spirit, I turn to distraction from that pain. And 
then I get that small reminder that the real remedy is through a healthy 
dose of the Spirit.... and tears. good tears.God bless this channel for the testimonies and faith. When the world is 
influencing me its such a refreshment for my soul. It helps surround me 
with a nourishment and building of my spirit rather than tearing it down 
and testing it all the time. Thank you!All good comes from our heavenly father God!How heartbreaking this was to watch. So many don't get the blessing of a 
loving husband or even their own biological children. And, they painfully 
hold back tears with faith and hope. And, it is a blessing the Lord does 
not grant. I'm happy she got another little one. But, how I wish this video 
would have provided hope for those who never receive.wow i was actually shocked he was black! amen! i love how Jesus brings us 
all together as one. xoxoOkay I'm not being racist, but I LOVE African babies! They are SO adorable! 
If I ever adopt, that's probably where I'll go to do that.anyone else get a huge smile on their face when the little boy goes down 
the stairs? I love how the expression on his face is so innocent :)I love this video it reminds me so much of my family almost the exact same 
I love my adopted little sister what a great opportunity we have to receive 
such special spirits into our homes. Love it.true as long as we place our sorrows and trust in our saviors hands he will 
allow us to be blessed in more ways then we ever asked.I appreciate this lady being willing to share her story with us. I think 
it's a big turning point for all of us when we're willing to turn our life 
over to God. And although life doesn't always turn out the way we expected, 
it's the way God had intended. And we just need to trust that, and trust 
Him to do what is in our best interest.This warms my heart.Sometimes we think that anyone can understand, but he understands us. You 
will be blessed, he promised it! In the name of Jesus Christ. AmenI love stories of people following the Spirit. Life is so much more 
enjoyable when living righteously. We still have our trials that are meant 
to build us up and strengthen us, but oh, the blessings of staying faithful.This video really spoke to me...because i just recieved my mission call... 
and to say none the least...it was NOT what i expected... and I did get 
really bummed out about it...but i guess in the end it is what the lord 
wants... I just hope that i can turn over my thoughts and let my mind and 
actions be what the Lord wants because He Does know best.awesome :)its moments like that i think back and i say "God has really helped me 
undertand his plan for me"It's a nice message but there's nothing "Mormony" about the video; that's 
actually a good thing. It shows that you can discern and be pragmatic about 
what happens to you in life without the false belief that there is a space 
daddy granting or denying wishes.We are in a similar situation. Married in 1998, we have no children. We 
tried to adopt as well, but the costs are exorbitant! I hope that it helps 
to hear that someone else in the world understands. It seems that no one in 
the church really understands what it means to truly be childless. :(That is a beautiful story! Thank you for adding the captions to this video. 
It helps alot to understand what was said.I needed to here this message because we have no children and married for 
12 years. We are at a turning point. We know that the lord wants us to 
adopt however, we are poor and can't afford $10,000 to $40,000. We are 
foster parents and are trusting in the lord to bring his little ones into 
our care for the lord's benefit. We hope to be able to help others and then 
maybe we will be blessed!It is amazing how the lessons I learn from the challenges in life are never 
things I would have chosen for myself in advance, and yet afterward I would 
never give them up for anything.Kia Ora all the way from Aotearoa (New Zealand)!! What a Beautiful message 
and such a beautiful boy!!! thank you SO much for sharing this with us it 
is a true blessing and strength hearing you message and this makes me 
greatful for my babies!! :) Love to you all!! :)my aunt and uncle have adopted 5 biracial children. its such a blessing to 
have more cousins. i'm glad they made that decision.have u read Proverbs 19 :9 and Matthew 22: 24-34,, its interesing,,,Thanks a ton for uploading this. :DThis is beautiful. Thank you so much for presenting it.thank u. i needed this.thanks reminded me how grateful I,m to be a mom in this earth,C'mon back: we need you and God loves you!!Having been in that situation, I really was moved, with this video. Thanks 
So Much!!I believe that the mother was saying was that from the begining the child 
felt like her own, there were no feelings like "oh, this isn't my baby, but 
I'll learn to love him", she held him in her arms and knew that he was hers.Wickedness never was Happiness. Trust in the Lord and do it. :) Now that's 
real happiness.yes, this made me cry. a 33 year old inactive mormon. this gives me hope.In a spirit of constructive criticism, while I greatly enjoyed the message 
of this video, the absence of her husband in the beginning, with only 
pictures showing his existence, makes one think that this is going to be 
about losing a spouse early in marriage, not adoption. Having been very 
closely associated with LDS Family Services, I do love the adoption message 
in this video, though.Are we not all adopted? It just gets better and better, and then they bring 
you grandchildtren and you begin to see and feel eternity in the midst of 
the mortal moments...My life hasn't been how I pictured it either. It is only by putting the 
Lord first in my life that I am able to feel peace when the hard times 
come. Thank you for the wonderful video.How sweet, I love this lovely family.simply wonderful! As a perspective adoptive parent, I can really relate to 
stories like this. Thank you.Thank you for sharing. (Why is this the only Mormon Messages video I've 
seen that doesn't have a 5 star rating? I'm sure there are more, but this 
is the first one I've seen...) 5 starsThis stuff is just too good. Keep them coming please.i love adoption. so grateful for those brave birth parents. xoxoxVery positive outlook on your life great "reality tv" clip and a lot less 
depressing than most of those other produced for sensationalism.A great story. All the best to you folks. Thanks for sharing your story.heartwarming. thank you for sharing! =)Mormons sure love families.We went through the same feelings while we were waiting for children. We 
adopted our son after 12 years of waiting for children. Adoption is 
wonderful and we wouldn't have it any other way.Very cool.Jennifer, thank you for sharing. My wife and I have had two children (now 8 
and 3) placed with us by wonderful birthmothers. We will be forever 
grateful to them for providing to us what we could not do ourselves. The 
perspective of a childless parent is one from which many can hopefully 
benefit.great - love itI couldn't agree more :DYou are so right! I am really glad that I subscribed to their videos and 
have been keen on sharing them with my friends and family. They are great 
messages!What a touching story, and an adorable boy who is becoming part of an 
amazing family.I feel for the mother. I am glad she was given an additional opportunity to 
fulfill her desire to be a mother. But I feel a little uneasy with the 
mother's response to receiving the child. Children are not possesions.It always surprises me how I may be having a bad day, so I turn to youtube 
to listen to music or entertain myself which is SUPPOSED to make me feel 
better, but then there is a mormon message up... like this one...and i 
watch it instead, and i have no desire to listen to loud music when these 
little clips bring so much peace.Great message. I hope that everyone gets to see this.Whenever I think of people who want to have a child. I think of the story 
of Hannah in the Bible.how CUTE. adoption is an amazing thing. i love this video.Great video. This is one every one should see. Heavenly Father will see us 
through if we but have faith in him and his wisdom. Thanks for making this 
video.such a great message and what an ADORABLE little boy they got!!!!! :)=D Awesome!!Wow, Jennifer, thanks for sharing... this family is a great example of 
having faith and trust in God...