I don't live near my parents. They are 90 and 86. This is why I call them 
every day. Any call can be the last one.﻿they didn't show the whole ending. ,,she says. do you write to your 
grandparents. then she pauses. and says, well you should﻿
So sad but a nice classic﻿Call or visit your mother often, God bless﻿I haven't seen this in YEARS!! I remember seeing this as a child and I was 
the only 10 year old crying in class, that's when I realized how much I 
missed my grandmother who lived far from me. She's passed now, I miss her 
everyday and I can't finish the movie even though it was one of my 
favorites. Cherish and love your elders.
﻿i wonder if this is a true storyAs Letter Carrier for the USPS, to this very day these situations STILL 
happen. The elderly are always waiting for their mailman to get a letter 
from their kids and grandkids. It's always nice to talk to them. For years 
I've delivered to the same person and you begin to develop a relationship 
with the elderly, like watching their family grow up, even receiving gifts 
from them during the holidays. This video just inspired me to take my time 
to appreciate my customers more.Thank you for having this movie available. I watched it years back and with 
today's technology it's important to connect through that personal touch of 
a good old fashion letter to our elders:)I have a feeling, even before I watched the end that she would die. Where's 
her grandkids when she needs them? This made me visit my older lady 
neighbor. I also wrote a letter to my grandma.I miss my Foster ParentsMy heart just snapped into five hundred pieces!Please don't forget your loved ones.I remember watching this video on my COR Weekend and subsequent 
weekends...a powerful film, even to this day... thanks for the great 
memory! Life is so shockingly short. Don't forget your loved ones or carry grudges 
every one need love.Although I have relinquished my membership to the LDS faith, this one video 
has stuck with me since it's release in 1977 when I had just graduated from 
High School. To always respect and cherish those who nurtured and 
contributed so much to us and to society. And to love and serve them, and 
most importantly to remember, never to forget...I miss my mom and dad ...I watched this when I was very, very young. I have loved it since and have 
been looking for it until I came across this! Thank you. Does anyone know if this video is available in spanish or at least with 
subtitles? I need for a class at church.very meaningful video! thanks for posting it!I cried the whole time. I miss my family so much. Ive felt so darn alone 
most of my life. This hit me as if it was my inner self telling the story. 
Being a relativly new convert I know ive got a much bigger family now but 
not a day goes by that I dont feel the emptiness within my heartThank you for this old but a very good movie, I have seen this once and 
very touched once again after viewing it again. This is worth sharing for 
those who may not see this yet.This came really close to making me cry. And it made me wish I did more for 
my Grandma's who are both dead, but not gone. Our old ones need as much 
love and attention as our young ones. God forgive us if we neglect either.Timeless message with an awesome twist at the end. Thanks!!one of my most precious memories is that of being there for my parents at 
the time they parted this world. Care-giving is a privilege. Regret is a 
horrible thing---- I remember this from a long time ago....It's so sad...It actually reminds 
me of my stake president.. when his mom visits, him or his wife takes his 
mother out on a walk, even when she can no longer walk now.. This just 
makes me want to invite my inlaws to live with me when i grow up, so 
they'll never be lonely and always well taken care of.I grew up watching this .. I've always loved watching this video ... still 
gets to me today ..I've been waiting for years for this video to be uploaded somewhere!! You 
just made my week.. thank youA message for all children concerning their older parents. The old need as 
much love and attention as do the younger/ Never be too busy for your 
parents in their older years.This film was produced in 1977 - 35 years ago! Time passes so quickly! Hard 
to believe that the little girl in this movie is about 40 years old now. I 
found a nice article on the Internet that was originally published in the 
Deseret News, dated January 29, 1977, about Lethe Tatge, the 83-year old 
actress who starred in this film. It was her 11th film. If you use 
Google.com to search for her name, you should be able to find it. It is 
well worth reading!Poor lady😢An oldie, but goodie. Great message.I'm writing letters TODAY!ClassicI remember watching this in seminary way back in 9th grade! :) Thanks for 
the great flash back!I remember watching this in grade 5 health class. as in a non Mormon 
school, and I was the only Mormon in the class. when I asked my teacher how 
she got it she said my mom gave it to her a couple years ago and my teacher 
liked using it for that class. LITTLE KID MISSIONARY MOMENT OR THE WINThis always makes me cry. Ever since I was little.How sad. I think we all have someone who we could think of more oftenThis is sooooooo depressing.that 5yo has a lot of makeup! :DLoved this video I grew up on thisI have always loved this video!!! thanks for posting it!Y en español??