Wow i wanna hear this every sacrament meeting!﻿I love this song ﻿How could it not be true is all I can say!﻿All Songs of Mormon Tabernacle Choir are a Great Blessing to Me! May the 
ALMIGHTY Bless the Choir Abundantly!﻿I think of someone who has entered the depths of humility and though they 
suffer, they sing this song loving and praising God - with full sincerity 
in there hearts... realizing Our Savior has suffered all things so they 
wouldn't have to alone... realizing for everything there is a reward in 
heaven 

Go see "None were with him" 
http://www.mormonchannel.org/

Let us always praise our Savior, we will never really or fully comprehend 
how much he suffered so we wouldn't have to... How much he gave for us to 
be saved ﻿Every time I hear this song, I think of someone who has been suffering much 
and still sings this song so sincerely, because they realize that Jesus has 
suffered all things for them

D&C 123﻿ i  am balling and i'm not even lds . just amazing.﻿This was the song that was played at my baptism, and it will always hold a 
special place in my heart.I Had a Moment When This Was Sung After a Fireside that I'll Never Forget. 
This will always Be My Favorite Hymn.totally agree with you brother. . . . such a moving hymn for sacrament 
meeting. Always reverently delivered...song for the sacrament.The moving song speaks that we are sufficient to be owned, redeemed and 
justified. I love the scripture in Colossians 2:10 "Ye are complete in 
Him." He is sufficient for us!we as Latter day saints must stand all amazed such a beautiful music I can't hold my tears because I remember my dear 
mother who passed away last April 23,2013. I love you Mama. See you soon.such a beautiful musicFor me to get through some of my favorites (I Stand All Amazed, Battle Hymn 
of the Republic, I Need Thee Every Hour.......and a few more), I must 
either allow myself to sing out of tune or sing in my deep voice. Why? 
Because I, too, will be trying to sing using my breath to get the sound out 
and hopefully in tune. I am testifying of Jesus and of my love for Him and 
Father when I sing.I remember this meeting, I was bawling by the second verse :) it is 
wonderful!I love this hymn. The love Jesus offers me is really so amazing!What a beautiful rendition!So beautifully sung by the sisters of this great and true church of Christ.Great! Thanks for posting. Can you post Hope of Israel from the priesthood 
session? It was amazing!It feed my soul... thank you!Another of my favorite psalms! Greatly performed by the choir!