WANTS AGAIN LOVE ALL THESE VIDS!!!!!﻿I have searched through YouTube for the meaning of the Kingdom of 
God...most sites and churches have missed the true meaning. This Mormon 
video is so amazing...this IS the Kingdom Jesus preached about and it is 
portrayed here so awesomely well. Thank you LDS.﻿I love the Mormon devotion to Christ﻿John Foss (the actor) portrays Christ very well.﻿I'm not mormon but I like the way you do these mini movies of our lord. 
HALLELUJAH!!!﻿I truly believe in Lord Jesus,He is Truly Son of God﻿Watching this video so many times I close my eyes and imagine myself 
seating at His presence listening his teachings. What a privilege we have 
today to have these videos.﻿The actor impersonating Jesus Christ had the Holly Spirit with him, 
otherwise he would be unable to do so well and transmit the message and 
touching the heart of everybody. This video lift me up and give me peace. I 
watch this video frequently and I do not get tired to see it. ﻿♡﻿It has to be done well, they have to generate more money. Attendance is 
dropping. Stop watching videos like this, and read your Bible for yourself. 
We need more atheists, and nothing makes atheists like reading the Bible. 
Worked for me. :) I disliked this videoWhen the church takes the time and effort to make something good...they do 
an awesome job, one of great quality. What do you mean about "limited number of words bound in a physical 
object", Carolina?Jesus is my lordI love JesusThank you for putting this together. It was beautifully and professionally 
shot. We need more of this on the internet; it is a great witness for the 
hungry masses. Sermon on mount is wonderful subject by which so many have changed and gave 
their hearts to JESUS. Mahatma Gandhi, when he was in S.Africa, read these 
portion and fallowed Jesus secretly became mahatma as a practicjng 
Christian. Pity is Christians are unaware of it.These are timely word for weary world.What a great reminder! God created all this is, yet still people are claiming he is a limited 
number of words bound within a physical object... No sense... but hey, do 
your thang, to each his own perfect timing, all will come to that 
understandingthe answer is :"....but he who does the will of My Father in heaven." 
Amos3:7 Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret 
unto his servants the prophets. Eph 3; 3 How that by revelation he made 
known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote before in few words,4 Whereby, when 
ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ) 5 Which 
in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now 
revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit; Loved this video! Spoke to me!I love these. However, the closed captioning needs to be fixed. The English 
words are all messed up and is very very funny. If we seek the Kingdom of God, we shall have health, food, clothing, and 
safety from physical harm as God seeth fit to give us.Thank you for sharing this parable... I love it. I was just think about these verses recently. "Take no though on 
the morrow" is such and important message. I'm learning to worry less about 
the future.Be rich Toward God Seek this: Gospel sodThe eternal view of the purpose of our lives taught wonderfully by the 
Saviour. Thank you.I adore You LORD <#Absolutely awesome video! 'Where your heart is, your treasure will be 
also.' Follow your heart and trust God but also yourself. He will never 
forsaken you.I deeply love this gospel. The thing I love most about it is that it is 
pure truth. Only pure truth can attract you in such a way and provide such 
deep and limitless spiritual insight for you to study and learn clear into 
the eternities!!Wonderful moment in this piece. Best one yet.God knows that we need physical things- He commanded Adam to work, saying 
"By the sweat of thy brow thou shalt eat thy bread". He will provide these 
things to the faithful. But as the faithful know, even more essential than 
earthly bread is heavenly bread and spiritual knowledge more than earthly 
desires. We will always be tested, we will always work and we will always 
depend on God for our teaching and our daily bread until the day comes when 
we are even as He is. Jesus Christ is the way. thumbs up