The words of Jesus Christ through his apostle, Elder Boyd K Packer, like 
all truth, cuts like a knife to the heart of the ungodly. But is a Balm in 
Gilead to those who follow Jesus Christ and his teachings.﻿As someone who has been living in fear and confusion, depression...your 
comments is what i needed to hear. I don't think it was a good idea to pool homosexuality with a talk on 
addiction and repentance. Homosexuality is a major self esteem or self 
worth issue, that often cost individual lives, and you can't repent of 
circumstances that aren't you're fault. "Why would God do that to anyone?" 
I don't think the question needed to be posed for a supposed preset, or 
overcoming tendencies or temptations. God would do "THAT" to someone 
because he lets us be tempted of course, and then we excercise agency.I love President PackerTruth is clarity and light. Lies breed confusion and darkness. We live in a 
time of deep confusion. So grateful for the Gospel of Jesus Christ which 
shines the light of truth through all the darkness and confusion which 
exists. Thank you President Packer for you testimony of eternal truths! The church is so true! Thanks Pres. Packer for telling the world what the 
true and real Gospel is what about.President Packer is a prophet of God. I love him and know that he has 
spoken the absolute truth! Every word of this talk is true.He´s called from heavensGreat talk!I really liked this talk. President Boyd K. Packer is one of my favorite 
speakers.Thank you President Packer for showing us exactly why the world needs 
Prophets and Apostles in our day. I have been amazed with how your words 
have been thrown out as evil and full of hate, when in reality, you have 
only shown love and compassion for those who have sinned. We thank thee oh 
God for a Prophet to guide us in these latter days when the world will call 
evil good and good evil. This talk is just what the world needs. The Atonement of Jesus Christ is 
real. If we are going through any addiction, no matter what it may be, we 
can overcome it if we use the Atonement for our advantage. Although many 
people believe this talk is Anti-gay or discriminatory, it is far from 
that. President Packer is clear that all sexual relationships outside of 
marriage are wrong, not just same-sex ones. The basis of his talk is about 
overcoming addiction and becoming clean. NOT gay bashing.President Packer, your body might be old, but your message is needed so 
very much for those younger and wondering about moral certainty. Thank you 
for your words, and service. 