0:20 What song/score is that playing in the background?! Its so awesome! 
Better than the stuff I hear at school lol.It's important to remember what Religions DO have in common, rather than 
quarreling over the differences. We are all brother & sisters created 
equally.Amazing answer, amazing.Great question. Yet there is enough food on our planet to sustain the life 
it contains, including starving children. The question should be: Where are 
we? Suffering endures in the world so that we will do something about it. 
Be doing so, God molds us into the kinds of individuals he would have us 
be: charitable, compassionate, selfless. How are we doing as a human race?I always like it when people find ways to build bridges of understanding, 
instead of walls that separate us. One thing that we share with islam is 
the idea of submission to God (islam). Our belief is that the highest act 
of devotion is to be consecrated or submitted to follow God's plan for us. 
Also, I love that when you greet each other or leave, you effectively pray 
for God's peace to be upon the other person. :)This really touched me today. I needed this. :)Sometimes I am so hungry But I don't know what I need Something in me is 
empty Perhaps there is more to feed!20,000 kids starving to death everyday? where's god?.. all sounds like a 
fairytale to me..How can you dislike a video like this?Everyone that is going thorught problems it will come to this point to 
awknovlege the really need of spiritual substance.Great video. I really like it.!Such a beautiful video! So lucky that I clicked on the feeling lucky 
button! Thank you Shaytards!So true! =)Thanks for making me cry Shay! Great video.yay shay!beautiful testimony of Love..........Thank you.....Love this!Awesome. Love it.Thanks shay :)Wow this made me cry! Thanks Shay Carl for sharing this. You are a wonderfulThis is so true للهGreat video, great reminder!Yes, a simple truth brought back into bright light. Thank you Elder 
Christofferson and film team! We need his help, we need his love, with out it, we cannot see ourselves as 
more than mortal. The manna he gives me is more precocious than all the 
wealth in the world. I am his daughter of this l am sure and he sometimes 
carries me through this life when l am not aware. He love us all and we can 
become his children more fully by living breathing and sharing that love 
which he freely gives. That is Mann from god. Can you see itThis is so powerful !!! I have to share it :) thank youWhen we are doing good for self or someone,we are correct bread for future. 
It is better than asking for blessing because we do good things everyday.Powerfully, simple truth.....it is amazing what daily spiritual bread can 
do for us. It has made a significant difference in my life.Thank you! This principle is explained so perfectly well here and so 
important to know and to remember.Shay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!im cringShay Carl sent me. This is great stuff even though I'm not religious.Shay Carl !lolThe little things make the BIG difference. Very interesting comparison for 
the daily need of physical nourishment with our need for daily spiritual 
food. It's an analogy that I've heard before and seams so simple but this 
video really reinforced my commitment to feed my soul. Simple. Truth.Thank you Elder Christofferson for this great message. Thank you for 
reminding us where we have to turn to daily.