Jesus Christ is always the answer. This is so beautiful! Thank you for 
sharing your storyï»¿<3 I want to be a good man in front of and behind closed doors :)ï»¿I too have a testimony of the changing power of Jesus Christ. Many who deny 
this power is trapped under the chain that Satan uses to veil the whole 
earth while he and his angels laugh. #COMEUNTOCHRISTï»¿Bubba,  I love your story.  I admire your courage and strength.  I hope 
that someday you will also be one who helps another up and onward, just 
like your friend's father did for you.    I truly believe you will succeed 
in your journey and your purpose.ï»¿What a great story! It shows that anybody can change and the Atomement is 
real in every sense of the word. ï»¿Beautiful in every way!!ï»¿i am a mormon for lifeï»¿Aww this makes me happy ï»¿fistbumpï»¿This is amazing, thanks for sharing your story!ï»¿Awesome Video/ story.  You can feel the change in this young persons life.  
He is honest and sincere.  His desire and love for Christ changed his life.ï»¿Has que tu luz brille y que tu ejemplo transforme vidas, gracias!!ï»¿10 thumbs down shows that there really are trolls that never sleep.ï»¿as we turn to Jesus Christ no matter who are before he will change us to 
become more like himï»¿Keep doing good my friend! Our heavenly Father loves you!ï»¿"I want to be a good man, in front of and behind closed doors," and the 
Holy Spirit testified to him that he can be, and that was what he needed to 
do.  Wow, powerful video!  I felt chills throughout this.  Just amazing!ï»¿Love it! I believe in the changes that are possible when we turn to Christ. 
Anything can change.
ï»¿This is why, regardless of what you think, we need religion.

It's a strong, personal relationship between you and God, and that 
relationship creates a profound drive to take anywhere you want. Your only 
limits are what you make of them, push your limits, push yourself to do 
things you think you couldn't do, and you'll be surprised at how rewarding 
life truly is.ï»¿I can't believe 8 people disliked this video :'( ï»¿What a great story and testimony. It is really inspirational!ï»¿Awesome message of hope and change. I always keep a picture of the temple 
in my home to remind me of where I was to where I am: 
http://simplytemples.comï»¿Beautiful story of how the Gospel of Jesus Christ brings the only true joy 
and peace in this world and the next!ï»¿THANK YOU Mormon Channel for constantly producing such uplifting videos and 
to the man in the video, thank you for sharing your story! The benefit 
these videos brings goes far beyond the number of likes and i am so 
grateful for the amount of material and help we receive in today's world to 
help us on this mortal journey! :')ï»¿loved this story...â¤ï»¿Good job, Bubbaï»¿Omg . Its a good story how the gospel can change the life , the miracles 
Jesus can do for us .
ï»¿I'm not one to post on Facebook very often but this one's definitely worth 
it.ï»¿Thanks for sharing Bubba! :)ï»¿Inspiring!!!ï»¿Love the words, "I want to be a good man, in front of, and behind closed 
doors." Thanks for sharing.ï»¿Best video from this series. What an example.ï»¿:)ï»¿Thank you for sharing this wonderful story, it brings joy to my soul to 
know that God lives and that He loves us, this story is a testimony of His 
great love.  ï»¿I was in tears at the end of this video.ï»¿whatever challenges you take if you put your trust on Him, He will always 
guide you and Love you wherever you are. 
Love Is Jesus Christ. Great Testimony Brother! :) ï»¿Such an amazing and wonderful story of what the Savior's love can 
accomplish in a man's life.ï»¿Wow! What a powerful testimony that anyone can change through the power of 
Jesus Christ! This message is for EVERYONE! Thank you for reminding me that 
we all have worth, not just certain people...everyone. ï»¿Really this story makes me cry! What a wonderful change! I know that 
through Jesus Christ we can endure trials and overcome any situation. He 
lives, He is real, He is there for us. I know it. Blessed be His name :)ï»¿Miracles will never cease. Salvation is earned and we all have that 
opportunity. Love truly is the key to spreading this message. ï»¿Wow! Amazing!ï»¿GOD IS GOODï»¿Beautiful! ï»¿What an amazing story! Thanks for sharing. ï»¿Oh my gosh! Love this, and it's amazing to see how the Savior can change 
lives!ï»¿Not just a good man, but a Great Man. I love this.ï»¿Ammon proved, thru Faith in Our Savior.... No one is beyond saving 

@1sonofmosiah1 on T w I t t e rï»¿We love you so much Bubba and love your spirit and love of Christ. Your an 
amazing man and example. Great job Mormon channel! ï»¿Inspiring ...................ï»¿Wow!! ðŸ˜Šï»¿Thanks for sharing your story with the world - we love you Bubba. BroJo MH 
Temecï»¿This man is a great exemple to many! :)ï»¿Great stuff, brother!!ï»¿Inspiring - thank you.ï»¿Very Inspiring.ï»¿Wow amazingï»¿It doesn't get any more real then this.  I think of the saying "God is 
Love"ï»¿It was so good. Thanks for sharing this video. Glory to God and Jesus our 
Savior. My faith is strengthen after watching this. ï»¿What a great story of sharing love - Christ's love for each of us as well 
as how we can give love around us. ï»¿I love these his grace videos so much!ï»¿I wonder if he's still dangerous. Wonderous story though.ï»¿I love these stories of changed lives because of Jesus Christ!ï»¿Love these videos â™¡ it shows the wonders and the great love of our heavenly 
father has for us !!!! Proud to be an Mormon ! ï»¿That's wsup bro! Thank you for sharing your experience. Much luv!ï»¿Excellent. The desire to become.ï»¿Aw man this is great! ï»¿Thank you for sharing this wonderful message... Bless his soul ï»¿Awesome videoï»¿