Its beautiful how compassionate the savior is. When peter called on him 
saying "Lord, save me" he so desirously stretched forth his hand and saved 
him and sent him to safety on the boat. When we have trials we can learn 
from Peter. Its true, the savior is the perfect example... Prayerfully 
pondering atleast a little everyday the scriptures is great and so 
lifechanging :)﻿This is my life experience; Secrets of Heaven and miracles are in front of 
our eyes everyday. we just have to pay attention and we will see them.﻿lol it's so much more dramatic in my mind. This is more believable than how 
I think it up. Sweet and simple :)﻿With faith we can do everythings﻿In times of trouble this brings me hope and strength knowing that if I do 
not doubt all will be well the Master is in charge and I need not fear. 
Thank you for this video﻿Using that little faith you can move mountains ﻿I'm grateful for the lessons and miracles of the Bible!﻿I am such a Peter. I'm doing it! I'm doing it! Oh noooo!﻿solo por medio de la fe poder lograr nuestros objetivos y si dudamos 
nuestra unica salvación es Crist0﻿I love the presentation.. the men who play Jesus and Peter really are 
genuine..  not fake sounding like they were merely reading off of a 
script.       Love these videos!﻿I absolutely love this video!﻿Make your way to Him
Midst the trying storms
Feel strengthened within
As faith, He restores﻿To me this is one of the most remarkable episodes in the NT.
Why do most of us doubt? It's just not necessary.﻿beauty has it
thankful god made us cheer﻿It is one of the most crucial moments of my early days of learning, when I 
did not join any faith and only had the Word of God, the Holy Bible as my 
source to feed my testimony in the Lord, Jesus Christ; the only Begotten 
Son of God.

I can still feel the Holy Ghost testify to me the glory that is our 
Redeemer, our Messiah, Jesus Christ. I can set aside my pride and pragmatic 
approach and rather than criticize- REJOICE and allow for the Holy Ghost to 
bear witness to my soul- that Jesus LIVES!

Be as Peter and bow down in reverence and declare "Thou are truly the Son 
of God."﻿Прекрасный фильм , который должны посмотреть и вспомнить что описание его 
есть в священных писаниях﻿I like the video because I'm a member of the church and I have a strong 
faith, but I think the acting could definitely be better.﻿Inspirational videos love it.﻿As long as I keep my focus on Jesus Christ I can overcome all challenges. 
 Even those that may seem impossible like walking on water.﻿Wonderful video﻿great vid :) ﻿