Did anyone else notice the little heart-shaped leaf to the right of his 
head? :)﻿I hope that the Mormon Channel does a video short based on this talk 
similar to the "I Am a Son of God" video.﻿As a convert to the church, I've always berms Christian but I've always 
hated organized religion. With every lesson the missionaries taught me, I 
was insanely skeptical. I did intense research on everything. Church 
history, including seeming controversies, Book of Mormon and Bible 
comparisons, etc.. And the more I researched the church, the more it just 
made sense. Everything makes sense. The church is true and there's no way 
around it.﻿I am so so grateful for Elder Holland's testimony of Jesus Christ.﻿LORD
I believe
NO
I Know he lives﻿Elder Holland is definitely a prophet. The power he has is undeniable.﻿I shall leave my "like" for now and when youtube decides to put a "love", 
I"ll happily come back and change it.﻿Thank you so much for boldly testifying to me the truth that all things are 
possible. I will fan the flame of my faith first.﻿This talk literally saved me in a time of trial Thank u for your bold 
conviction of holding on to what I do believe. And setting aside all else 
Now I KNOW !﻿Something funny I appreciate.  Thank you Conference for being in hi-def. 
 SOOO many youtube videos are recorded so bad, haha.﻿Going through many trials in my life, I want to thank you for giving me the 
strength and peace . It is out of this world. I know my father in heaven 
lives. I know he sends leaders such as yourself to strengthen us and guide 
us. My heart is full of joy and love and I thank you so much for all you 
do. ﻿You are powerful, i can feel something special about you anytime i here 
preach a sermon.﻿What an awesome man he is﻿I lived in darkness, not knowing right from wrong.  With the gospel of the 
Savior in my life, the darkness is no longer and my constant prayer is that 
I continue on learning and growing in His gospel.  I  love the Lord with 
all my heart. He blessed me with so much. I am grateful for the Church that 
teaches Heavenly Father's eternal principles.﻿I have a desire to believe.  I believe in some aspects.  I will try to be 
true to the faith I do have.  :)﻿President Monson stirs up my soul to try and be the best I can. What I do 
know which is little has trumped what I thought I knew. Living prophets and 
apostles on earth? I never knew a god existed until I cried out to an 
unknown higher thing for help. Three days later missionaries came to me. 
Never have I doubted it to be true since. I'm far from what you life long 
members are in knowledge, but I will always strive to do my best. Thank 
you, Jeffrey R.Holland﻿brother Holland is indeed a child of our heavenly father I believe that god 
has a way of reaching into our hearts and souls! and by listening to 
brother Holland my heart and soul feels the presence of my heavenly fathers 
spirit, all things are possible to them that believe.﻿When this talk ends it's like, "Nooooo don't go..."Just remember, we are not a resort for the righteous but rather a hospital 
for the sick and weary. We are all in one state of recovery or another. 
Just like family members might irritate each other from time to time, so it 
is here. Be willing to forgive readily, and be willing to be forgiven 
readily as well. Listen to your parents but learn as much as you can about the gospel of 
Christ <3 you can be an example to them and maybe change their minds about 
this faith =) I'm beginning to really love the Mormons way of life.It's true; belief is an amazing gift. I have, like many of you, faced 
periods of doubt and uncertainty. I have questions and concerns, but I've 
met them with "I still believe" instead of "I doubt". The gospel and faith 
have brought me great peace and happiness. Lord, help thou mine unbelief!9:50-10:29 greatest message of hope and how to achieve protection from the 
woes of life. Got me pumped to go on today :)The first and best thing I can suggest is pray to your Father in Heaven for 
strength and guidance. Also, feel free to visit Mormon.org to learn how to 
contact local missionaries and members and ask them for help and advice. 
And remember, the bishop in the area is the bishop for everybody there, not 
just members of the LDS church. Stay strong, and best of luck to you!There are so many things I love about this address. I've been asked to 
teach it this Sunday, and I don't know how I'm going to do it justice. 
Thank Heaven for Elder Holland!Listen to your parents.I love this man for the spirit I feel through him. It's a touch of the 
Lord's love and very precious in the loan and dreary world. I love the 
thought that starting our testimony with what we don't believe is like 
stuffing a turkey through the beak. Begin with what you do believe. I 
believe this church to be true because it has the fullness of the gospel of 
Jesus Christ. In this world we must all walk by faith. Be kind regarding 
human frailty, your own as well as those who serve with you.There's no proof that God doesn't exist. God might not show Himself 
physically, but He does let us feel His presence, and having felt that in 
my own heart, I know beyond any shadow of a doubt that He is there and that 
He loves us. He's given us the gospel to help us be better, and His 
servants like Elder Holland help us understand more about His gospel, but 
in order to find out whether or not He exists you have to ask Him. You'll 
get more than enough proof if you do.I agree with you. i do not believe that i could love him more than i do. My parents wont support me but I want to follow the Mormon faith I don't 
know what to do :(Elder holland amo sus dicursos me an alludado a creser espiritualmente 
gracias milI do not think I could love Elder Holland more; what a gift his eloquent 
adorations of the Lord are to us. AmenI watch this talk so many times a week. hearing his voice calms my soul. 
this talk is so powerful. Elder Holland's testimony helps me feel that i 
can face ANYTHING. The strongest proof I've seen of God is the Book of Mormon. There is 
genuine power in that Book. Translated from a young, uneducated man, is a 
perfect example of a miracle and power of a loving God. Read the book and 
find God. @Steven Nelson Mark 9:22–24; see also verses 14–21.Mark chapter 9Where is the story that he's referring to in the beginning of this talk? Thanks for conveying the words of Jesus.This was such an awesome talk. It really helped me finding it today. I wish 
the church would expand into the area my parents live in so they could see 
that its true"The size of your faith or the degree of knowledge is not the issue. It is 
the integrity you demonstrate toward the faith you do have and the truth 
you already know." Mormons ARE Christians. :) mormon.org/ what-do-mormons-believeFor those of us who re going through very serious moments in life and seek 
real communication with God regarding those circumstsnces-it s no kidding 
giving true answers.Elder Holland s speech reaches us with Heaven s real 
touch.Love this talk, Elder Holland is an amazing example to anyone, they are all 
men of God and I am Thankful for their influence and their blessing through 
Jesus Christ. I thank you for the upload!Great talk! Thank you Elder Holland for your example and strength that is 
seen and felt through out the world!He s just too sweet ejen he says if we do not have a testony that we can 
rely on his that we lean on his personal one-that really impressed me so 
much!!!!LDS lleaders keep talking and pleading with their members sometimes too 
much and too many times, good for them!Elder Holland is an apostle of The Lord, Jesus Christ. He lifts and 
inspires us with with clarification regarding our faith and how to receive 
our Heavenly Father's choice blessings in our lives.Elder Jeffrey R. Holland is incredibly inspirational and faithful. What an amazing speaker. I defy anyone to listen to him and not believe 
what he says.thats the worst speach I've ever heard.SHAY!shaycarlshaycarlSHAY CARL sent me here Elder Holland is so powerful!! He's so amazing.I am here for one reason. SHAYCARLShayWhats the difference between a Mormon and a Christian?shay caral liked this?There's no proof of a God. God isn't.Beautiful talkI love Elder Holland's talks. Such a good talk. I will lean on your Testimony, Elder Holland!Once again, Elder Holland has provided me with exactly what I needed to 
hear. If I had been granted a private interview, this is the conversation 
for which I would have hoped. I have learned to honor both my faith and 
belief and not to berate myself for valid questions and doubts, but in the 
future, I will always remember to stuff my turkeys from the right end!Love it..always strengthens my faith..I love his testimony at the end. Elder Holland is a fantastic speaker. He 
really brings power.I love this talk. I think this one and the talk by elder Bednar were the 
ones that helped me the most. I love conference. ^_^one of my favorites from the last session!I always love his talks. Funny enough, some of the topics he came across 
were exactly the same things I thought he was going to touch on while i was 
alone during the break between this session and the one previous. He really 
touches the heart in the deepest ways possible.. and makes it so simple to 
access as well. Thank you Elder Holland for this amazing talk.. it made my 
faith strongerWhat an amazing man!When the devil goes to bed, he checks under it for Jeffery R. Holland.First comment! I always look forwards to Elder Holland's talks!