So beautiful﻿SO TRUE! I'AM IN THE LABOUR FIELD TO HELP THOSE IN NEED OF JESUS! ELDER 
MICHINI  salt lake city Utah!  JESUS IS COMING! READ YOUR BIBLE JOHN 14: 
1,2,&3  AS WELL YOUR BOOK OF MORMON!﻿mormon.org/mormonorg/nor/Hey man - did you ever get the information you were looking for? We do have 
missionaries and members of the Church in Norway. Happy to chat/help if you 
want to know more.. mormon.org/mormonorg/nor/LDS.org is a place you can start to learn more. Mormon.org Lds.org :)The Holy Ghost :)Go to mormon.org or lds.org. You will find everything that you are looking 
for!Why does Jesus have an English accent? LolI like them too! What do you think it is that makes you feel so good when 
you watch videos like this?lds.org then choose your languageGo over to mormon.org you can learn so much there and even talk to LDS 
missionaries about the church! They can also find some missionaries to come 
and teach you in Norway! mormon.org ~ There's places to chat with a missionary, or request a 
missionary visit - I'm sure there are missionaries in your area!mormon.org. You can even chat with a missionary. mormon.org or lds.org, or find some missionaries, you will know them by 
their white shirts and black name tags that say "Elder (last name)"You should be able to chat with missionaries online through lds home page 
(mormon dot org)!For å finne ut mer, kan du prøve å åpne nettsiden:. Mormon .org :)Visit mormon dot org. There you can learn where the nearest meetings are, 
request a visit from representatives, and order free materials like The 
Book of Mormon.mormon.org is a great place to learn more!I have good news for you! There are actually about 4000 members of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Mormons) in Norway. Here is 
the address of the church website in your language. Hope this helps! 
jesukristikirke.no (type into browser, I cannot include a link)Epicguy go to Mormon.org and you can get info. Request a book and you will 
be very happy you did! CherylHey EpicGuy, If you go to mormon.org, you will find out all you want to 
know and can request to have missionaries visit you! I'm certain there are 
Latter-Day Saints in Norway; perhaps few, though. Good luck!mormon.org is by far the best site, just click on the learn more or chat 
button and there will be missionarires more than happy to help!!Brings the bible stories to life...Jesus is still a master teacher and the 
lessons still apply today.YES WE DO!!! Hei im from Norway. In my country we dont got mormons. And i would love to 
learn more about the church of jesus christ of latter day saints. Were can 
i do that? :) I can't wait for videos of the parables! I love this, I've been studying a lot of the Last day scriptures such as 
Isaiah and Revelations and I loved this scripture. This helps me to visualize the scriptures. I love it!I try not to be a tare.