What movie was this ?﻿Amen
﻿Remember He said "Daughter".﻿wow amazing just by touching jesus you get life ﻿One of my favorites﻿God is great all the time﻿Just because He is not here does not mean you can't be healed. He rewards 
faith the same now as He did then.I believe we can all be healed of our illnesses. We need to have faith and 
accept the lords will. If we are not made physically whole we can be made 
spiritually whole.I would say that the most miraculous healing would be physical, but we have 
very little evidence, only loose claims. Physical healing demands evidence 
and thats why we don't see it, we only believe that it has occurred. Mental 
healing is much easier to claim, that's why we hear of that more often. I 
think we Christians need to be honest about healing, not act like 
indoctrinated narrow thinkers. God is mysterious. That may be true Belle Ange, but he is an awful quite God. Very little 
response. Most people don't get healed. Let's at least be honest and true. 
We pray and pray but nothing happens. God is complicated and that's just 
how it is. We can all see that. I will however have faith that I will get 
free from illnesses in heaven, wish it was earlier.Wish I lived in Jesus time, then I also could get healed from illnesses. Not a Mormon but these are my favorite videos of Jesus! Good work!His life was not His own But in truth was God's above Whose power now was 
shown To heal all who sought His loveI am so grateful to my heavenly father for making it possible that these 
clips of his ministry and his teachings are here for all to see and learn! 
I am a member of the church of jesus Christ of latter day saints and I have 
been away for many years but with gods help and these wonderful clips of 
his teachings I am making my way back to his loving arms!love is the only way me too every time god is goodif we have sinned , and asked for His forgiveness , we are clean again , 
but if we don't believe in Him , we go to hell as you just said , and 
that's what Jesus died for , He died so that your sins will be forgiven if 
you believed in what He has doneHe was a mighty messenger and a guide for the people of Israel. The bible 
is rife with verses stating "Son of Man" 1God my dear Christians and Jesus 
son of Mary is his Prophet. Peace be upon him.I think it's more along the lines of all of us have sinned, but because 
Jesus died for our sins we can go to Heaven.goods deed are marvelous GOD is great This video explains it in a much easier way. Helped me understand what he 
did for us, why it was necessary, and what we have to do Search "Jesus 
Christ, the Mediator (Seminary Video)"This make me cried every time I watch this!thank youThanks for posting thisEven now, many people heal by faith through the authority and power of God! 
Here is a talk detailing these events: [Search for "Healing the Sick Dallin 
Oaks" on YouTube] In my opinion, the most miraculous healings that occur 
today are not the physical healings but the spiritual healings that come 
through the Atonement or Grace of Jesus Christ. Along those lines, I would 
highly recommend this talk: [Search for "Jesus Christ The Master Healer 
Russell Nelson" on YouTube]I think the difficulty is just because of a misunderstanding of the basic 
"argument" of Christianity! Look at it from this perspective: We came here 
to grow and become better - more like our Heavenly Father. When we come 
here, we make mistakes which are called sins. Sins make us unclean 
spiritually and prevent us from returning to Heavenly Father's presence. We 
cannot get rid of these sins ourselves so Jesus voluntarily suffered for us 
so we wouldn't have to suffer. He "saved" us.verse 34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go 
in peace, and be whole of thy plague."The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints"This has always been one of my favorite examples of the Savior's love and 
compassion.Seems LegitAt 1:17 he says 'And be whole of thy plague.'It's getting harder and harder for me to even believe in Christianity. For 
me the main argument is that Jesus died for our sins and if we didn't sin 
he died for nothing, but if we do sin we go to hell. Be whole of thy plague. Mark 5:34I have long wished someone would heal people of faith! ...and be whole of thy plague... (translation "be healed of your disease")"be whole of thy plague" 34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath 
made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.So beautiful!Wonderful. Thank you.Awesome!What is said at 1:17? And beholdeth thy . . . .?Awesome I Love it Peace God BlessWhat great love, great faith. Thank you for helping me to feel of His love 
for her and for me and for all of us. Thank you. touching! beautifully done!