พวกคุณทำให้หลาย ๆ คนได้รู้จักพระกิตติคุณ พวกเขามีความสุขมากขึ้น 
พวกเขาได้มีโอกาสเรียนรู้ในการดำรงชีวิตที่มีค่าควร และเลือกสิ่งที่ดีให้ชีวิต 
พวกคุณเป็นพรสำหรับพวกเขา แม้ผมด้วย﻿Very powerful and a great message to all of us.﻿If you ask a RM how was their mission and the usual response is, " I loved 
it, best 24/18 months of my life. " A lot of people who haven't served yet 
and others who won't have that opportunity see the mission as a period of, 
" fun " while to me , in my opinion, was the hardest 2 years of my young 
life, yet. And that is the reason why is it the best two years for me, 
because how difficult it was; I was put through the refiner's fire process 
and it hurt so much, but the joy overflowed my being which joy lasts 
eternally. My mission president always said, " the bad times will always 
outnumber the good times, but the good times will always outweigh the bad. 
" How true that is, that's why when most folk ask us about our mission we 
say, " I loved it. "﻿I'm a service missionary you don't have to proselyte ﻿I don't care what anyone says. I will go on a mission. Missions are 
awesome!﻿I joined the church when I was 20 but was discouraged by my family to 
become a mission so I didn't. I'm 24 now and now its too late for a 
personal reason and this actually saddens my heart. ﻿I think that we should congratulate those who had to come home early or 
serve other types of missions due to disabilities as well. Because the 
value of even a 1 day mission is just as great.﻿samoa apia mission!and Colin Henderson, don't allow money govern your choices. Heavenly Father 
will help all of His children, especially with their desires to serve as a 
missionary. Go and speak with your Bishop, and he will help you. Good Luck, 
brother. :DI served alongside a few of the missionaries seen in this video and I know 
that the testimony which they have shared is true. The mission truly does 
bring about a great change in an individual when he strives to sincerely 
help his brothers and sisters, and that is what the mission is all about. 
And if any future missionary watches this video and gets called to serve in 
Finland... let me know. I'll get you even more excited to have the 
privilege to serve those individuals. :)I'm a recent convert of 2 months. I wish I could serve a mission, but I 
can't save up for it.England London South. 23 More Days.serving a mission had blessed me, and grateful for the privilege to serve 
the LordPhilippines Cagayan de Oro Mission....my number 1! I am leaving in 2 days on my mission. I know that i am making the right 
choice by sacrificing the next 2 years of my life for the Lord, I know that 
I will not regret going on my mission, even if i dont baptise a single 
person. Billings Montana in 3 weeks Alpine German Speaking Mission :D My Mission Was and Is Undeniable Evidence of the Love of God, Especially in 
Mine and My family's Lives, And those around me and whom I love and those I 
served and also loved : )I'm going on a mission there, too and leave in 2 weeks. I'm kind of scared 
but I believe it will be amazing.Jacob 5:71-76cant wait to make Allah proudI've never felt more stronger that i'm really a child of God after serving 
my mission.I would hope a mission isn't the best thing you have ever done. Missions 
prepare you for the best thing that is to come: Becoming a Husband or Wife, 
Father or Mother in an eternal family. That is the best thing you could 
ever do.Oklahoma Tulsa Mission This decision can make all the difference in your life. Be the missionary 
you can one day tell your children to be. My children love to hear about 
mission stories & how their mom & dad met! This decision was, is and has 
been the best decision in my life. i am grateful to have had this 
opportunity. To those going out....make it an amazing experience & rely on 
your Father in Heaven! I thank Heaven for my Missionaries!!!! Thank you all for going. I did not 
know what I was missing! I am so happy!My two years in Chile were more than 30 years ago, and still I am 
interesting in Chile and its people. It was a great experience. I serve in chileGetting ready to leave for Lima, Peru! Can't wait!It's been 2 and a half years since returning home from Sendai, Japan. I 
still think of my mission every single day. Making the decision to set my 
life straight and serve the Lord was the best move I've made in my life, 
with the exception of my getting married and sealed to my wife (which 
wouldn't have happened had I not served)!! The experiences are 
incomparable. PS: At 3:50 - they should be chasing that father and child 
down to share the gospel with them so they can be sealed for eternity! :DI can't wait to go on my mission :D, I'm preparing now and I have a blog 
about getting ready for my mission, I got about 30 more pounds to get to 
250 before I will start on my papers, if you want the link to my blog, msg 
me ALL GOD need is a willing HEART and MIND notforgetting WE need to be HUMBLE Serving my mission to Australia Sydney Mission was the best decision I made 
in my life. Upon watchin this video, it all reminds me of the experiences 
and the blessings and joy in sharing the Gospel to the people. I encourage 
all the young men in the church to go on their mission, you will never 
regret the joy and blessings that comes along your way as you share the 
Gospel.I'm leaving for the Everett Washington Mission in one month. It's a chance 
of life time I wont pass up! I served in the Canada Vancouver Mission too! I just got back two months 
ago.Where would I be without my mission? Best two years of my life!Serving a mission is the best thing I have ever donecan't wait to goCongratulations! I myself will be going in just 4 and a half years, so I'm 
excited now as well to go and serve. :)I was a misionero from 22years ago. I remenber all every dayMe encanto yo fui y cumpli con una misison hace 22años y aun recuerdo todoEvery worthy and able young man should prepare to serve a mission. hoorray for Israel!Missions are an experience unlike any other. I served a mission in Vancouver Canada several years ago. I can see clearly 
that those two years spent sharing the message of The Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints built a foundation for my life today. My time 
as an LDS missionary positiviely influences how I relate to my wife and 
children. The things I learned in the mission field help me make decisions 
about career and talent development, and many other facets of my life. I'm 
grateful for the chance I had to serve.:35 looks like Toby Maguire. Anyway, what a wonderful message! I believe 
all worthy young men really should serve missions :) You can do it, I have 
faith in you.Grateful for the time I had to serve!Go forth and serve.Excellent video! I'm turning my mission papers in later this month and I 
must say tat I've never received such joy as when I made myself clean and 
devoted myself full time to preparing for a mission. The Lord is truly on 
our side when we serve him and he has guided me!I'm preparing to serve a mission. I really needed to hear this message. 
Thank you.I'm so glad I was given the opportunity to serve a mission. As I was 
growing up, I had some doubts but, the Lord made it possible, through the 
strong support of many great people. I ignore if my life would have been 
different had I not served but, now I can say that additionally to the 
blessings I've received and the strong testimony I developed, that 
experience has left an incredible mark in my professional and social life. 
I hope every young man will have a like experience.I leave on my mission in 8 days, and this video made me a thousand more 
times excited to serve the Lord!beutifull! :)LDS for life! :)