"Have mercy on me o Lord, according to the multitude of thy tender mercies 
and loving kindness". I have had to pray that prayer many times..... and 
still do. It works for me, it will work for anyone; even you. Psalms 51. 
Thanks﻿i really want this piano music! anyone know where i can get it?!That joke is old and annoying.Name 1 woman that ever said that. And that joke is old and annoying.I have been very oblivious for a long while to the healing and tender 
mercies of the lord - I am sorry for that I wish to feel forgiven and allow 
the empowerment and peace of the spirit back into my life - I'm writing 
this down so I will not forget - that I Should always REMEMBER - and not 
take for granted or with spite the direction my life has...taken.I tear-up every time I watch this one. By far my favorite video, between 
this and "Lifting Burdens". After watching this one, I finally became 
humbled and knew in the depths of my soul that it is the very small, yet 
very many "Tender Mercies" that can guide me to one day become the Man I 
always wanted to, and have it in me to be! :)OH LORD I WOT YOU MERCIES Thank you Elder Bednar. dude really in the comments of this video take your imature mind somewhere 
elsemy and my 3 kids have being recipents of many of the tender mercies of the 
lord, jesus christ, and for that and for all that he has done for us we are 
foerever greatfull. in the good times he is there for us and in the times 
of need he is holding us up for us to keep going and be able to endure to 
the end.Meg! -3This is what I needed to hear. I think this will be a daily viewing for me.Words escape me because my heart is so full. I know of the Tender Mercies 
that my Lord and Savior has blessed me with. This video is a visual 
conformation of those Mercies. Thank you. That's what she said.They are all around us.gosh, all i need to hear is the piano and one of the apostle's voices and 
im done for.Wonderful and inspired counsel for us to pay close attention to the simple 
and personal moments within us. Thank you for posting. It helped me to 
ponder and be thankful for my personal blessings.First, thank you, thank you so much for this. I have listened to this many 
dozens of times for a year or so. I realize that I can listen to this 
hundreds of times and just begin to really comprehend what is expressed. 
This enriches me every day and is now part of my day, just as fervent 
prayer and scripture study. This has sustained thru one of the hardest 
times of my life. Thanks again. When I am struggling, and I pray in faith, I am given strength through the 
Atonement of Jesus Christ. What a great gift.It is my prayer that we continually recognize the tender mercies of the 
Lord. Thank you for having it captioned. It helps me understand better about how 
Christ is a part of my life. I'm deaf and it is always good to learn more 
everyday.@FUwogs yes dear. 14 million on Earth and Billions in eternity. I Know it's 
true. K n o w it. You can too. You can know through your own personal 
witness directly from God Himself, if you are brave enough to find out. 
Call 801-240-1000 and tell them you would like someone to come teach you 
how to receive your own personal witness of the truthfulness of the Gospel. 
Be humble and you can know. All the best to you. YES YES and Yes! And I thank God everyday for these "tender mercies" 
without them life would be bland and we would find ourselves feeling 
hopless and down....but with them I have a mission and am reminded of that 
mission every time I receive one of these gifts!To: FUwogs Yes, we believe this... Do you?does anyone really believe this?Thank you for this message.This is the first time I have heard of "Morman Messages" and just by 
"chance" found them today. I know that it was not by chance, but by another 
tender mercy I was blessed with today. This was THE message I needed to 
hear today. Because of this message, my prayers have been answered. Thank 
you Elder Bednar for being an instrument in God's hands to answer my 
questions and concerns that have been on my mind for a long time.Why would anyone dislike this message? Probably just didn't listen intently 
to the entire message more than once. Does anyone know the name of the song playing in the background?@rmstamm He does love you rmstamm. I know He does. He even loves me. 
President Uchtdorf's talk this last GC was great. It was in the Priesthood 
session: Continue In Patience. I used that in my talk last Mother's Day. 
You will enjoy that and it will give you additional strength and 
understanding. All the best to you. And...be glad you have a husband still. 
That is unusual in today's world. :DEste mismo sentimiento que viene a mí al ver y escuchar este video, es el 
mismo que me testificó de la necesidad en mi vida de entrar en las aguas 
del bautismo. El amor de Cristo, sus enseñanzas y el dedicado trabajo de 
sus siervos son el iluminado firmamento que ha iluminado mi camino en las 
jornadas nocturnas de mi vida. No tengo ninguna duda que Cristo vive y que 
esta es su Iglesia. --------- Manu. Barrio 2 de Cartagena.If you are one of the 53 who voted to DISLIKE this video and its touching 
message then you must either be hardhearted, or beyond feeling. Christ 
still loves you and his arms are reached out still.I really needed this message today as well, sometimes I feel so alone. 
Messages like this remind me we are not alone and that our Heavenly Father 
is right here with us and loves us! Thank you for posting !Have five words had a deeper impact on the Church in the last decade - or 
more? The "tender mercies of the Lord" were all but overlooked before Elder 
Bednar's talk. Now it's a part of our daily lexicon. (It's even prominently 
quoted in Step 1 of the LDS Addiction Recovery Manual). If Elder Bednar 
becomes the final Prophet, Seer and Revelator of this dispensation - I will 
not be at all surprised... What an amazing servant of the Lord! Thanks - 
this was a "tender mercy" in and of itself!I'm thankfur for the lords tender mercies. They are there for all of us 
wether or not we think we deserve them. That is mercy. We must be open to 
accepting the beautiful gift of his tender mercies.Yet another fantastic Sunday. What a blessing it is to have this day to 
gear us up for another week. Couldn't have ended the day better than by 
listening to this memorable message from a powerful apostle and 
complimented by the beautiful music.A massage that the world needs to hear...lets all share it with everyone!I love this thoughts.Absolutely loved this talk.I really needed this message today."Truly,the Lord is good to all" This message is so simple and yet, so 
amanzingly powerfull. Heavenly Father loves each one of us, and we are 
never alone.My mom is 50% Jewish and 25% Mormon and the other 25% she is Athiest and 
she is a wonderful MotherBeautiful message, awesome and inspiring and gives hope to all those who 
are down-trodden and despondent. I am who I am because of the tender 
mercies of the Lord.Dear Elder David A. Bednar As I was hearing your talk the following 
scripture come to my mind that I think adds to your talk: John 13: 34-35 34 
A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have 
loved you, that ye also love one another. 35 By this shall all men know 
that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another. With faith Jeff 
LakeI love this message of Elder Bednar and the illustrations as well. I love 
this for a lot of reasons. His message is so pure. He is truly an Apostle 
of the Savior. Thank you so very much for making this video.So beautiful, the music makes it even better.I'd like to know what music this is, it's beautiful.Such beautiful words, for the world in which we live in. Sometimes it seems 
that God does not care about all of the sufferings everywhere around us. He 
does care. And one of the witness's is "Tender Mercies" We too can receive 
tender mercies, because of our faith in Jesus Christ. I love him so much, I 
have seen tender mercies happen to me, again and again and again. Love the 
world we live in and look to the God of Heaven for help, for he truly is 
the only one that can help us.Awesome!Wonderful message.;-)There are many ways to serve the Lord, and we can all be on missions our 
whole life. Remember that tests can become 'TESTimonies'Wonderful words for life. It is well said and I am sooooo happy that I 
heard these word today, it made my day. Thanks to you and Thank God.@jedbrinton beautiful very beautiful.Great just Great!Thank you so very much for this video, each and every video you post 
touches my heart and I jump for excitement when I realize that there is a 
new one. Again thank you, all of the videos posted are truly inspiring and 
beautiful.I have has more than I can sometimes humanly deal with. My heart becomes so 
weary, and so downtrodden that I feel like giving up. With a debilitating 
disease, Glaucoma, and more I am glad I have my Savior to hold me when I 
need. I am not perfect or am close to perfect so when things bring me down 
I am glad for the encouragement of the leaders of the Church that bring 
such kind words and gentle and understanding hearts to us by and of 
inspiration of the LordWhat a beautiful principle from the gospel of Jesus Christ! The more I 
think of instances of God's tender mercies in my life, instead of writing 
things off as coincidences, the more grateful I feel towards him and the 
happier I am. Elder Bednar truly speaks to my heart - I know he is called 
of God to be an Apostle of Jesus Christ.Thank you for another inspiring video.This was a memorable talk. How grateful I am for being an active member of 
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints which gives me access to 
abundant tender mercies of the Lord.Thank you once again for posting this video. Inspiring video.Yet another beautiful video! Thanks so much for all the hard work being 
done on these! J. Mahoney CanadaHallelujah and amen. What a wonder it is to know that He watches over all 
of us.I remember that this talk impressed me greatly when I first heard it.... 
Elder Bednaris amazing... all the General Authorities are....Things have my difficult for my family of 7 this day. I found this video 
very touching and comforting. I could feel the spirit of God so powerfully 
in this message. Thank you.Bednar!!This is a great video :).Outstanding! These videos are always amazing...I love the music along with 
them. Thanks for posting this!!!"the gift of faith" a gift I try to use continually.What a beautiful and true message.The first sentence of this talk describes the whole video. But I am 
grateful about the these mercies.First comment, cool. I love thease videos! Thank's for putting thease on!!!