"Civility comes from your heart, not your pocket. It doesn't cost once cent 
to be polite. I think there are more ways to be good than bad." Just 
lovely!﻿I am wondering why they did not show her apologizing or even saying that 
she apologized. It maybe that she was too embarrassed to apologize but the 
very act would have encouraged people to admit when they are wrong.﻿I don't care if you're Mormon or not. This is something that the whole 
world needs.﻿YO MAMA!﻿Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
http://youtu.be/0dEiXicb71M﻿beautiful message﻿i don't know why i watched the video twiceIt doesn't cost a penny to be polite....This video made me realize that I too have been hypocrytical at times. I 
have never been outwardly rude to anyone, however, I am guilty of inwardly 
judging people and their motives by their appearance alone. This video has 
really opened my eyes. It doesn't cost one cent to be polite --Charlesdon't judge  I agree, there's always more ways to be good than bad. There's always a 
good side about everything and everyone :) This is a great message. At work I listen to people talking bad about 
others all the time and pointing out their defects, but once I get to know 
those people which are being mentioned, I see so much good in them. 
Sometimes as human beings we are quick to judge, but once we get to see the 
good there is in people, instead of their defects, getting to know people 
and being around them is just much more enjoyable. Civility is an awesome word and the first letter C reminds me of Christ my 
Savior and Redeemer. It doesn't cost a dime to have a civil tongue in all 
we say. Great video.Each one of the videos in this playlist give me chills, they are ever so 
touching and meaningful. I've only begun to read the book of Mormon. 
However, I feel it is about to change my life ever so drastically. It's 
been far too long I've lived without Jesus Christ in my life, far too long 
without Church and far too many poor thoughts and judgements. It's time for 
a life change, once I feel is quite imminent indeed. Thank you, God bless.If Mormons said something good about you would that STILL mean its dogma 
and likely untrue?What a courageous testament. How many of us, watching this video, I wonder, 
suddenly had a guilty memory come the surface. Seems that some people believe that there are more aspects to religion than 
just the positive messages. What is wrong with being nice and polite just 
for its own sake?I was in a Mormon pre-church meeting with the Bishop. Mormons have a lot of 
meetings like these on Sunday morning. Someone said that a neighbor as 
'anti'. The Bishop asked us not to refer to people that way because we are 
all God's children. I was impressed. I love how the church tries to remove 
the 'us' and 'them' mentality. If it were so easy then why so much hate?Sounds Austrailian to me. My guess , SidneyYou could see in her face that she was very surprised by his responses to 
her questions. If it was not real then she should receive an Oscar.It is much easier to talk of civility and kindness then to be them. Well 
done!Dogma implies a belief without a clear understand of the reasons for the 
belief. This one is clear to me. You seem unable to get the message because 
of the messenger. I am so far from on top of being civil to all without caveat but, I have 
found that keeping an eternal perspective helps. If I can keep from getting 
to tied up by the here and now it is much easier to love all of my 
neighbors. Be they family, friends, enemies, or strangers. I find that 
being civil brings me peace."It doesn't cost one penny to be polite. The world can be kinda cruel at 
times, you get confused and you don't know what to do and so you just start 
reacting... I think there are more ways to be good than bad..." Wow! What 
one homeless man said in central park can honestly change your whole view 
of humanity.A friend of mine was homeless for a while. He always says that he wanted a 
smile, a kind word, or just to be noticed at least as much or more than 
food or money.This homeless man walks in the path of and walks with God than probably 99% 
of the not homeless people. People think because they have a job, a car, a 
house, money, etc that they are better. Better than what? There is only one 
real judge and do you think he cares about your freaked out preoccupation 
and obsession with materialism?No, I'm agnostic and I have a lovely home.For behold, are we not all beggars? Do we not all depend upon the same 
Being, even God, for all the substance which we have, for both food and 
raiment, and for gold, and for silver, and for all the riches which we have 
of every kind? Mosiah 4:19All religions I have heard of foster humanity. That is all this video was 
about. We all know that the WORLD could use some of that.I believe we can be hypocrites in so many ways we think we are so good that 
it blinds us to the reality of our Judgements towards others. "Exercise Our 
Goodness That Is Instilled In Us"So neat... It gets me every single time, too, because I honestly believe 
that we like to believe we are being good all the time. However, I know 
that I have not always been kind in my thoughts, but I've made it a goal to 
always try to think something nice about someone I may not know or have 
just seen... It's very hard, but I feel very worth it to be able to view 
others the way we wish to be viewed: with kindness and understanding."Let deeds, not words be your adornment." "It doesn't cost one penny to be polite." So many of us could learn so much 
about civility from this homeless man. So meek, so forgiving, and such a 
peacemaker. Such a great video. Such a simple message, but can do a lot for humanity.nice. i remember giving 2 dimes ( the only cash I had on me) to a man that 
was saying he was homeless once. the person i was with said what if hes a 
drunk. I said "what if hes not." Another time my husband and I were talking 
to a homeless man and my husband mentioned I had just lost my job. The man 
gave my husband his last 2 dollars and refused to take it back. He even 
through it at my husband and ran off. I thought "what a great guy"EPIC fake smile at 1:15, love itIt is also difficult to admit a mistake. If we could admit when we are 
wrong, that's the start.Just shows you, that we are all in need of someone to talk too and be kind 
too....Everyone is born good and yearns to be good yearns to have others 
like th,em, for who and what they are....Doesn't matter whether rich or 
poor, we are but family here upon this earth, regardless of what our 
situation[s] are... Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby 
some have entertained angels unawares, amenNever juge a book by its coverWhen you say "Great video," do you mean that you liked the angles, the 
editing, the soundtrack; the overall cinematography? Because if not, and 
you mean "Great video" as in great message- uplifting message- then 
understand you are going WITH Mormon religious dogma, not against. I wish I could like this more than once.Thank you, Charles.What resonated with me? "There are a lot more ways to be good, than there 
are to be bad." Spike Lee What a beautiful video with such a sensitive and compelling story. It feels 
so real and authentic and shows how easily we can miss the mark. Being 
civil requires vigilance and an ability to rise beyond the 'excuse or 
distraction' in front of us. I believe we're called to behave with more 
respect, consideration, grace, curiosity and honesty. And as we are more 
present in the moment we'll find more opportunities to be civil, 
compassionate and of service. Common sense?Awesome video, we never know about people until we know about them. All are 
family of Adam and all are children of God. Let's keep our hearts open and 
willing to recieve others wherever possible so that we can be prepared to 
live in God's dwelling together somedayGreat video, I won't hold your religious dogma against you! People are all homeless without Christ.This is a great message and a reminder to be Christlike, It's good to hear 
an English accent in a mormon message as well hehe.. @dieneddie Please say why.. im curious now.This is an amazing video that should have 1 million hits on YouTube ... 
this is core to what the world needs to hear, see, and most importantly 
feel ... I also believe that there is much more good in the world than badare there people on youtube that just hit the dislike button for 
everything???this video didnt sit right with me ...I dont want to offend by saying why - 
but let it be noted, it didnt feel right I understand the message and it is 
goodAs I listened to the lady talk, I put myself in her shoes when the homeless 
person sat back down and started speaking from his own experience, and I 
was moved, almost to tears. It is a powerful message on how easy it is to 
be nice to those who are like us, but so hard to those we deem as less.41 people accidently pressed the wrong button, instead of like the mouse 
slipped and they pressed the dis like This made me cry. The world is in such need of love and understanding one 
person can make a difference.Oh, I loved this! I felt my heart moved when the man said that there are 
more ways to be good than bad! This video truly opened my eyes to see that 
we shouldn't be so quick in our judgments! I actually have a friend who 
constantly tells me "He (or she) is also a child of God" whenever I comment 
on random homeless people in a negative way. And because of my friend I 
have also come to learn that we really don't know what is in the heart of 
those people we see.hey, im Deaf. Could someone do me the favour of sending me the dialogue 
please? im curious to know what this video is about. :) cheers."I think there's more ways to be good than bad..." I love that. We could 
all learn a lot from Charles.It's all about LOVE... LOVE is why our heavenly parents sent us here, sent 
Christ to rescue us from the fall. Prepared a way for us to return to their 
LOVE. The greatest of these is to LOVE thy God, and the second is like unto 
it to LOVE thy neighbor. Matthew 22:34-40 Giving LOVE and receiving LOVE 
heals in so many ways, we need to learn to do both more fully.Wow! Imagine that concept; Don't judge a book by it's cover.. if you do not treat your friend, neighbor,teacher,student,mother,father,son 
and daughter and and make them feel like an orphan,widow,homeless,stranger 
then you will see "one day" no one near your bed,home,class,street to kiss 
you,hug,hold,share and talk with you.Only you will feel terribly sorry to 
treat people unfairly, unjustly, judging,classifying and degrading instead 
of pleasing, couraging,befriending and protecting.Losing that hypocrisy isn't something you can just do once and then forget 
about, either. We have to constantly work to respect other people.What happened to the man? Has anyone helped him? Is he still homeless. It 
looks like he could use some dental work. I hope we as a church and reach 
out and offer this perosn of influence some help. We all judge everyone else...but it took a humble, homeless man to teach 
all of us that "it does not take one penny to be polite" & "we just don't 
exercise the goodness that is instilled in us" The most important lessons 
in life are taught not by the learned, but by the humble in heart...Thank 
you Charles. wow...so very good I'm really impressed with that woman for understanding her weakness so 
quickly! I'm glad she decided to share.24 people meant to click the LIKE buttonThere is so much GOOD in the worst of us, and so much BAD in the best of 
us, that it behooves each of us, not to talk about the rest of us.What do u think inwardly about the people that u meet on the street? Here's 
a refreshing bit of honesty of one woman & her confrontation with her own 
hypocrisy which taught her an eternal truth!I saw this on a friend of mine's Facebook page. I was touched by it and 
felt it was perfect considering not a week ago I was called the N word 
while working. I was touched by the large number of people who weren't of 
my race who were equally offended as I was. I had no clue who they all were 
but this video depicts perfectly the silent bond we all shared. Kindness is highly underrated.I love the quote from Thomas S. Monson at the end.not a mormon but this is a great messageWe must always remember to practice respect and civility in all that we do, 
and especially in politics we must practice respect and civility. That's it. Case closed. The church is true and this video proves it!!!Brave Lady for sharing her truth of misunderstanding, then learning all 
that she didn't know. Applause to Director, Charles, and especially to her. 
What a lovely synergistic moment. Thanks for posting!!I sometimes feel inadequate as to being able to "really do something" that 
will help others. I have found that a simple smile truly makes a difference 
to many. So I have a goal to find at least one person a day who is looking 
downtrodden or burdened, and I smile at them. It's amazing the light that 
comes into their eyes, and how they then smile - feeling a little lifted up."We are all frightened little children. Being frightened, we frighten each 
other. Try to understand. Try to love everyone you meet." William Saroyanlove this! great message for all people of any faith!Like anything else, kindness and civility are a choice - and every choice 
has prices and benefits. The energy we put out will come back to us in the 
same form, and often from unexpected and surprising sources. Wonderful 
video. :DI love what he said. "It doesn't cost a dime to be kind of friendly." Even 
if we can't give to those without money, we can at least show them a smile 
and be kind.I work with the public in my job sometimes and I have found it is so true 
that while some seem to act and feel as though being polite somehow 'takes' 
something from them and seem to meter out doing it very rarely, I have 
discovered that the more you give and are polite the more your ability to 
do so increases...as is the same thing with loving others. At least this 
has been my personal experience.I love the quoit from Thomas S.Monson and his talk Charity Never Faileth. 
"Life is perfect for none of us. Rather than being judgmental and critical 
of each other, may we have the pure love of Christ for our fellow 
travrelers in this journey through life." Are we making judgments when we 
don’t have all the facts? None of us is perfect.Each of us is unique. “If 
you judge people, you have no time to love them.”Mother Teresa Great talk.@nojogood. Thank you for sharing your eloquent words. Quite well said. This 
video and your words come in a timely manner for me and I appreciate your 
sharing.repentance is a beautiful thing.i absolutely love this! does anyone know what the music is in the 
background? where can i find it?The homeless guy looks like Spike Lee ;D I Like how Charles said, It doesn't cost one cent to be polite. I know that 
loving our neighbor as Christ loved us is the right thing to do. Thank you 
for this GOOD video:-)I am not Mormon but I found this interesting.This is an amazing example for all to learn from!