I have to say that I mentioned this song during a primary lesson and told 
the children to listen to it, as it's such a beautiful song that directly 
tied into our lesson. A couples weeks later it was performed by the MoTab 
during General Conference and all the kids couldn't to tell me in class. :)﻿I always do feel he stand by me thank you for uploading this wonderful 
musics.﻿I love this song it makes me feel calm.
﻿I love dis song much.﻿
I love the message in this song because it makes me want to try harder all 
the time to keep the comandments and try to do the things I know that I 
should. It is very up lifting. I hope the Savior will stand beside one day 
and be proud of the things I have done.﻿MY FAVORITE﻿Love this song, powerful lyrics.﻿THANK YOU Salley DeFord and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir for your most 
sincere and generous efforts to uplift, replenish and enrich the souls of 
all who listen to your choral renditions. Father Patrick Elis (Roman 
Catholic Priest). Please know that I am a much better person and priest 
because of your efforts.﻿ "This is one of my fav.primary song"﻿Love this song:)﻿heavenly. Aug 2007 New Era, also Sally Deford's website.This is a new childrens hymn.This is not in any of the songbooks. It came out in the Ensign several 
years ago. I wish I could tell you when. Sorry, but good luck in finding 
it!!Does ANYONE know what page or hymn number this is? I wanted to play this 
song for FHE so we could sing along but I can't find it in the main hymn 
book or the children's song book. This is my favorite hymn and I'd like to 
know if it's even in these books!Absolutely Devine & very uplifting. Strong message.Primary songs are some of the most thought provoking and spiritualone of my favorites The last verse is always very touching for me. Such a beautiful song. :)LINDO! VOCÊS ESTÃO OFERECENDO SACRIFÍCIO DE LOUVOR, QUE O SENHOR ESTEJA 
SEMPRE SENDO ENGRANDECIDO POR MEIO DE VOCÊS.Listening to primary children sing this song brings me to tears. If only I 
could be as innocent as they are once again...I love love love this song! I Love this song! I just wish that the sheet music was available for 
purchase. It is a beautiful arrangement. The words are so powerful, gives 
me a chance to reflect. Thanks! My Mom passed away April '12 & it helps me 
remember how I need to be to be with her again!Thank you Father, for your love for ME! I am so thankful. 