Four years later and this is still one of my favorites. The animation 
really adds to it.﻿If only they had the music available for download. It's good pondering 
music.﻿I <3 this morman message﻿This is so beautiful!!!﻿i just been baptize and i can truly say that the book of Mormon has an 
steal is changing my life﻿Le Livre de Mormom est vrai et rempli de connaissance Divine ! I love 
it....﻿Because facts aren't really facts if they don't make me feel good inside. what a great story and for someone who is not so good at reading your story 
really opened allot of doors and has strengthened my testimony about the 
truthfulness of the gospel...thank you for sharing come here to utah you will find mormons everywhere its a great safe place 
to be visit the visitor's center. come down to herriman, riverton area its 
the safest place in utah (where I live) come to daybreak its the #1 town in 
utah it's beautiful. come visit please you will love it! Your kinda strange aye. I think you may be in for a bit of a shock in later 
years when every knee shall bend and every tongue confess that Jesus is the 
Christ. Just because you may not have experienced these things doesn't mean 
they are not true. I would just be a little more careful and be a little 
more thoughtful and search a little better instead of blowing things off 
that you quite obviously don't know to much about, or you may be found 
really wanting later on in your lifeIt's not illogical to believe in God. And it's not a sacrifice of fact. But 
I would state that there are different forms of knowledge. Faith and belief 
in God is brought by a different form of knowledge. It is heavily 
experiential based, not one that can be easily redacted and broken down to 
quantitative measures (ie scientific). It's not ignoring or sacrificing, 
but balancing and broadening our own measure of truth and understanding.To believe in this (or any other God-based religion), you have to be 
willing to ignore and sacrifice a lot of logic and sheer facts. If that's 
your way of living life, then so be it. If it makes you a better person, 
I'm all for it. Great conversion story. I love the Bible and I love the Book of Mormon. I 
have come to understand the reality of God and the mission of his son 
through my testimony of these two books. Thank you so much for sharing.I asked the lord to take me to his church when I was younger. Never would I 
have chosen this church if I was to seek a church with my own knowledge. 
The lord led me to this church in the most amazing circumstances, it has 
changed my life. I could fall asleep listening to his scripture reading. Not out of boredom 
but because of the serenity in his reading of the scripture. This story reminds me of a song. Bring Me The Horizon - "Alligator Blood"I love how people put words in His mouth, pretending that this caveat says 
that they would all be false...grrr... :DI know that this book is part of the word of God. It has brought me great 
peace and comfort in times of trial and sorrow. The teachings in it help me 
to become a better person and more like my Savior, Jesus Christ. It helps 
answer questions that I had about the Bible and on how to be saved. It does 
not replace the Bible, but complements it. I know this Church is the true 
Church of Jesus Christ. Without it, I wouldn't be who I am today. I testify 
these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.But i guess you need to read it to really understand that... Don't judge 
something before you know it. We are going to do some math simple math wich are actually part of 
metaphysic...ok ? an infinity of lines can pass through one point right ? 
But, when there is two points, how many line can we have ? only one. This 
is why we need a second book. In a trial, how many witnesses do you need ? 
At least 2. You can't know or understand the truth of anything without at 
least two elements. This is the same for the gospel. The book of mormon is 
this second witness of jesus christ. Darn, I was looking for something from the musical :/Amen, keep that faith in the true Christ.@Witnicia Mira if the savior Jesus said watch out for false prophets, that 
implies there are some good ones too. Or else he would have said watch out 
for any prophets in the latter days.You can read it on LDS.org Also, if you submit your information through 
LDS.org they will send you one or the missionaries will bring one to you.You should group everyone into the same boat. Are all Christians, Muslims, 
or atheist guilty for the actions of one? Are you joking? The easiest way to get a Book of Mormon for free is go to mormon.org and 
click "request a visit" you will get one delivered for free!Hey there ^_^ Yep, just go to mormon.org, go to the beliefs section, then 
click on Book of Mormon, at that page you can click and order a free copy 
of the Book Of Mormon ^_^ Hope this helps! Hey Chuck (haha ^_^) If you go to mormon.org, go to the beliefs section, 
then click on Book of Mormon, at that page you can click and order a free 
copy of the Book Of Mormon ^_^ Hope this helps! Deuteronomy 4:2 “You shall not add to the word which I command you, nor 
take anything from it”(also Deuteronomy 12:32). Written about 1400 BC. 
Theologians have agreed it is the book itself not the whole bible. The 
Bible in the begining were manuscripts and many scribs took it upon 
themselves to add and subtract text, this was John or someone on behalf of 
John talking to future translaters and scribs not to do it. Hope this 
answers ur question. Yeah! you can go to mormon.org and request one and they will mail you one 
for free. Yes; we believe that after he was resurrected, Jesus Christ visited the 
people of the Americas. As he told his disciples in John 10:16, "Other 
sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they 
shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd." As the 
god of all the earth, he visits all his people. In 2 Nephi 29: 6-11, he 
explains that he speaks to all nations and commands them to write his 
words. The Book of Mormon is his word to the ancient Americans.The Book of Mormon is indeed another Testament of Jesus Christ. Its plain 
and simple !!Sure! order one from Mormon.org and they will send you one for freeProbably not, but you can get a free copy by ordering one from Mormon.org. 
Free.You can request a free copy of the Book of Mormon at mormon.org! By 
visiting mormon.org you can also learn more about the Book of Mormon and 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, and request a visit from 
the mormon missionaries. (:It's super easy! To get a Book of Mormon sent to you, to learn more about 
the Book of Mormon and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, or 
to request a visit from the mormon missionaries, visit mormon.org. I 
would've posted a link, but YouTube wouldn't let me. (:Thank goodness! ;)I know as a mom and trying to keep the surroundings of my children safe 
guarded is challenging. I raise mine to try to choose friends with the same 
standards and stay away from things or people that don't respect that or 
that would influence you in other ways. I believe some people take it too 
far and don't let their kids interact outside their faith. I tell my 
children to be a good friend to everyone, "standards" can be good in 
anyone. I'm sorry for your experience. Not all are that way. ;)you can obtain a free copy at any LDS church. Go on a Sunday :) or online 
at deseretbooks YES! Google "how to get a book of mormon for free." I would put the link 
here but the computer won't allow it. It will take you to somewhere on 
mormon.org. There you can type in your information to receive one. :)I felt my testimony was almost gone, watching this video definitely helped 
me feel the truth and peace again. Thank you.Delusional people.This is just another follower of Jesus Christ behind a computer screen on a 
Chuck Norris account, looking for laughs and happiness by joking around, 
but I am not a Mormon, but it would be very cool to get a copy of the book 
of Mormon. Anyone know if I can get one at a Lifeway Christian Store? That 
is the only Christian store I live close to.Visit an LDS church and tell me you don't feel the Holy Spirit. This is not 
of Satan. Why would you say that? does anyone know how i can get﻿ a book of mormon sent to me for free?native americans didnt farmid'e ...b......nowhere.....if the mormon faith wasn't in my life that is my 
life is better with mormonism in my life p.s.....heavy metal rulesBOOK OF MORMON STORY PART 2: Real life Mormonism isn't so clean and tidy as 
presented here in Part 1. I"m a Non LDS Utahn and live in a typical Mormon 
Ward here in Utah. I see how the Non Mormon and Inactive Mormons get 
treated especially the children. Mormon kids not allowed to play at non 
members homes, unfriendly treatment, bulling and constantly asked what 
religion you are. As a kid in Utah I was treated the same. Many LDS Leaders 
are aware of this but the average Active Members deny it .Comments pending approval? Nazis.I love how simple the message is but very powerful. I think the message is 
direct for those who are really looking for the truth!why would God need someone to right a book to complete is word?? God said 
it all. His word is complete.Jesus Christ told us that false prophets would 
come this is just the proof that it's true. Forgive them father and save 
the one's that are truly seeking you with honesty, in Jesus name Amen.If men crucified Jesus Christ the son of God, is it possible that they 
would one day have need a restauration of His gospel?bible= fairy tales for adults...walking on water? so now you can defy 
gravity? coming back from the dead? wow no one i know has ever done 
that...becoming pregnant without sex? now thats just nasty...That is why it is called The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, 
because it is His Church. Christ said to enter into heaven you must be 
baptized (born again) by Authority of God, which is called the priesthood. 
The Book of Hebrews explains this. Just ask God.The sprite that came to you was the devil coming as light but hidden in 
dakness. The devil come as AS SHINING LIGHT leave this false religionYou can also go to lds scripts.org and get the books all of them read to 
you by a narrator, has helped me tremendously.Give it a try Read the book of mormon and read a little bit more everyday 
Ask in faith with a sincere Desire to want to know if the book of mormon is 
true and if the church of jesus christ of latter day saints is gods church good for him. everyone should believe in something; believing in nothing is 
still something, and to believe is to be human. all religions, may you live 
in peace! he is not crazy i take that offensive! im mormon and i now its true! you 
have no right to call anyone crazyWe believed we are saved AFTER ALL WE CAN DO. And it is by the Grace of 
Christ we are truly save. We live by the teachings of Christ. Charity the 
true love of Christ. Charity is service so how with out service (works) can 
we expect the Savior reach out and save us. It is like climbing a rope. We 
climb an we climb, we run it to knots. And when we feel we can climb no 
more Christ reaches out and gives us his hand helping us up into his grace. Sunday is the day of rest.... and a day to learn and serve each other.. We 
rest in the testimony of each other. Yes the Book of Mormon is another 
testament of Christ. God is always sending us revelation He is always 
speaking to the Prophets he has on earth. If he is an unchanging God why 
would he stop his revelations. Christ is the way. God continues to communicate with us, eh? Funny how much money people can 
make off of tricking people with fear of the mysteries, or answers to the 
mysteries. You all may be afraid to admit it, but that is all it really is. 
I understand why faith is good, but you can have spirituality without 
organized religion, you can have morals without organized religion. The 
fact that that guy is a Christian, I am a Pastafarian (Haha), that other 
guy is a Muslim, and your are a Mormon makes no difference. He seems like such a kind man, but I just don't buy it... I know this that 
this man believes what he says and never met a Mormon that wasn't kind. Yet 
I have to wonder about the last verses of the Bible that state that if 
anyone should add to or subtract from the writings of this book shall be 
accursed? I'm not being sarcastic here when I say this, i just wonder? I 
know your sincere, I just hope your sincerely right...To believe in the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon you have to crawl over 
or under or around the facts and evidences of physics, chemistry, biology, 
genetics, geology, anthropology, linguistics, zoology, paleontology, 
archaeology, metallurgy, history etc. your awesome im experiencing those exact things.amen to you my brother.many 
more of your videos and scriptures please.you are so inspiring and im 
grateful you have seen the light and felt the presence.i understand the 
feeling of wanting to share it with the world.truly amazing testimony my 
brother i wish all people could know the truths imagine how wonderfull this 
world would be.amen to you my brother in the name of the father and of the 
son and of the holy ghost.amenGood job this guy joined after 1978.I wonder if the man in this vid knows that it took a supreme court order to 
FORCE Mormon's (as of 1976 a whites only organization) to allow people of 
color. I also wonder if he is aware that Mormon doctrine/liturgy teaches 
that people his color are that way due to a curse designed to punish 
disobedience to God. The Mormon faith has obviously brought this man 
tremendous joy. His face absolutely glows with it. Perhaps in the end, the 
joy brought to him by the faith is all that really matters.Dear Bishop. You stated that the Book Of Mormon "completed" the Bible 
message. This infers that the Book of Mormon contains something, some 
doctrine, some teaching not found in the Bible. The Book of Mormon itself 
makes a similar claim; that it contains "The Fullness of The Gospel". IE., 
Complete. Would you point out one or two, or a few of those items for us? 
Thanks.And I constantly find it amusing how you creationists per say, claim that, 
without anything to back it up, which leads me to belief that you say that 
to try and get a rise out of people. Just an observation.I went to a meeting at a Lutheran church that had three lessons on Mormons. 
I only got to the third of the lessons, but as I talked to my friend who 
had been at the first meeting, I realized that it was mainly anti-Mormon 
teachings. I got the chance at the last meeting to answer questions. At 
first when I got there there was quite a bit of laughing at he church, but 
after I got up and answered questions there was a lot less laughing. If you 
want to learn about the church just ask.This man's voice is beautiful and his positiveness is so adorable. Kind of 
like the cute kid you would never tell that Santa isn't real. Hey Timothy, thank you for your support! I hope I am considered part of 
your "internet family." I would invite you to read the Book of Mormon 
(order a free copy @ mormon.org), and see if it helps at all with finding 
out more of what you believe in. It has helped me. I believe it will help 
any person find a greater understand of our Heavenly Father and His son, 
Jesus Christ. It will also lead to more answers about God's plan for you, 
and your divine destiny! Best to you Timothy Anderson...This was a amazing video I really love how the animation was able to tell 
the story and kept it simple something I can show family and friends! 
Thanks!!!!For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it 
pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe...... 
For the preaching of the cross is to them ...[You unless you repent] ..that 
perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God. this is true.. the way this makes you feel is incomparable.. unmistakably 
from GodI love it! I'll make it a spiritual thought for YSA activity someday :)The Holy Bible is good, and the Book of Mormon isn't here to replace it, 
only to - like he said - to complete it. Below the title "The Book of 
Mormon" it says "Another Testament of Christ" - which it wholeheartedly is. 
I have faith in the Book of Mormon because it strengthens me and comforts 
me, just like The Bible does. About Sabbath - well, on sundays we try to 
keep the Sabbath holy by going to church to remember Christ, support and 
uplift each other, then of course rest when we get home :)I read the BoM, a copy from a missionary, passed between friends. It was 
obviously a dog's dinner. The fake King James English without the 
underlying Greek grammar made it unreadable. The phrasing was amateur and 
contrived, not grave or inspired. It was so egregious, so period and 
purple, as to preclude any attempt to take the "message" seriously. It's no 
more scripture than a Jackie Collins novel.I have always loved this video because of this man's testimony of the Book 
of Mormon. He's a great example. And I love the message of the Book of 
Mormon in my life, SO HELPFUL! Jesus is the Christ, and that book truly 
testifies of His divinity.It sounds as if you are feeling prompted to learn more about God's plan for 
his children on Earth. Look up mormon.org our beliefs are outlined there. 
There are also links at the top for a live chat or better yet click on the 
link to missionaries and they will share our beliefs with you and a Book of 
Mormon. Best wishes. May your pray for guidance and he will continue to 
guide your path.mormon.org has a specifically to learn about the LDS church. At the top 
there are several links. One to meet the missionaries, one for a live chat. 
I suggest you meet the missionaries and they will share our message with 
you and have A Book of Mormon they will give you. Best wishes. May you 
continue to ask for God's guidance in your life and he will do so. This man is not delusional, he is a true and faithful man, who has been 
visited by the spirit of god, and gained a testimony. I can relate. 
Anyways, I love this gospel. It is not a delusion, but it is truth, and 
truth is not delusion. That is my thought on the subject matter. El libro de Mormon es verdaera y es la palabara de Dios. Jose Smith es una 
profeta de dios. Amen y AmenGod does not use a microphone my friend.He has always employed PROPHETS. 
This you might find hard to believe. Latter-Day Saints KNOW without a 
shadow of a doubt, that HEAVEN, as it stands today, is filled with infants 
Buddhists, Baptists and Jews, Muslims, Catholic and Jains, Russan and Greek 
Orthodox and all manner of Protestant sectarian bodies. Even atheistic 
people have children in heaven and all nations of the earth are represented 
therein. NOW THAT is what I call HEAVEN. Prophet killers-0Do not judge any Christian wrongly. Consider this. They shall run to and 
fro, to the north, even to the east and shall not find my gospel. There are 
schisms all over the Church of Traditional man. That is why the SPIRIT and 
the RESTORATION were necessary. Take care.Mormons, or Latter-Day Saints are a all inclusive church for the repentant. 
We welcome anyone to our services. Traditional Christians deny many groups 
the right to be Christian. They even out their less favoured brands of 
Christian and seek guidance from the Bible Answerman one Hank Hanegraaf, 
who refuses to tell anyone where his faith lies, but he corrects everyone 
who is not Hank Hanegraaf. Its the WASPISH STING I think. Try visiting an 
LDS Church, and simply listen to all you hear. Judge notThank you for clearing that up. Thank you for your visit here.Jesus is the Saviour as Proven by limitless numbers of proof texts in the 
word of God. NO-ONE can convince one who wishes not to be taught or seeks 
to declare that he knows all things. The name Jesus MEANS SAVIOUR. the NAME 
CHRIST means Anointed. So Jesus the Anointed is the Saviour of the World. 
All hail to Jesus the Christ. Living Son of the Living God.Thank You mochpz You will learn to know and love God by association and 
skilled study.I am LDS SCOT in the USA. Baptized in Johnstone Scotland, by Elder Jeffrey 
B. Putnam, of Brigham City UT.(Now Al;aska) found by Larry Blaine Hoopes 
Jnr., of Gilbert AZ, (now UTAH), and encouraged by Elder Bill Croxall of 
Pocatello Idaho.,