@d00df00d I believe He calls out for us. Softly and surely. Sometimes we 
aren't listening so He calls out a little louder.Thank you, This just helped me through a trying time in my life. I needed 
this to remind me how it all works. The Lord is always there and is always 
ready to help guide us through our trials and tribulation in life all we 
need to do is ask. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you. @emilyunderscoremarie God gives us trials for us to learn and become 
stronger@emilyunderscoremarie Millions of people ask that question every day about 
"If God were real, why didn't He..." and nothing, absolutely NOTHING, I can 
say on Youtube will efficiently answer that question. You're going to need 
to search for that answer yourself. The vast majority of Christians, 
regardless of their particular religion, also know the answer. But Youtube 
is not a good place to explain it. If you really want to know, why don't 
you find out yourself? Pray and study.If God were real, why didn't he heal her leg....is anyone watching this christian? i am! yaaaaaayyyyy!!!!!@d00df00d good question... everything in life depends on its answer. I know 
that women and men exist so that we might each have joy. We are each spirit 
sons and daughters of Heavenly parents and as such, each of us has a divine 
nature and an eternal and divine destiny. That knowledge helps me not be 
upset at God or other people when things aren't going so well. And usually 
it takes a low point in life for me to really kneel down like Tami did and 
pray super sincerely for a little guidance..Cool story bro.@Th3AngryGam3r Like you, I was inactive for many years until one day I had 
a visitor from the church. He asked me about my baptism, and why I had 
become a member. This prompted many wonderful memories and as a result I 
turned my life around. For more than 2 years now I have been an active 
member again.The things that kept me away now seem so unimportant, I have 
forgiven and been forgiven. The church is true.,..this may sound dumb,..yet here goes,...I have an idea that we can do 
many great things and we were shown it was possible,...it deals with being 
useful to self and others. If we are egocentric,..we are in need of more 
progression in whatever form it takes. I was to die because my appendix had 
burst and i was wrapping up my life. A friend said he did not want me to 
die, so I did not. It was a "miracle" or what I do not know,...just that I 
was needed to be around and live. I love godI too have been down the "wrong path", misery and sin and looking for love 
and happiness in all the wrong places. He's always there, and when God 
loves you enough to allow you to pass through hard times like this, you 
recognize He has always been there waiting for you to turn again to Him. 
Are life occurrences like this are just God gathering His elect? in His 
eyes we are all "elect" just need to choose to be I guess... @Th3AngryGam3r I am a new convert, and I know what you have been going 
through. Something I had to learn for myself is something I heard in the 
full interview with Tami; and that is I had to stop setting "conditions" on 
my faith. I call it "conditional surrender." I had to stop that first and 
foremost of all. It's a daily process, and I know that through Jesus Christ 
I have the strength to do what Heavenly Father wants me to do.@Th3AngryGam3r ...Please...come home.@Th3AngryGam3r Choose Christ not happiness. Jesus never ensured us a life 
of happiness with him. We walk the road less taken which is full of unhappy 
trials. Th3AngryGam3r, thank you for sharing. Praying you will continue to have a 
testimony of choosing happiness and find your way back to fellowship with 
the Saints. God loves you and provides instruction for our protection and 
happiness. I'm not happy every day, but I find peace in Him. Have a happy 
day!I've been inactive for 4 years now, i feel exactly the same! the gospel 
always seemed so complicated with so many expectations, but really its so 
simple and straight forward. God isn't this big angry man that expects you 
to be perfect, he just wants you to be happy. what a magnificent testimony. God bless her. And God bless all the folks at 
the Mormon Channel. I wish I could get it in my car..Snow skiing, running, hiking and accomplishing all these great things with 
just one leg! Thanks for you example of perseverance and gratitude!The Lord is always there.I have been inactive for years now. I have had years of being nothing but 
unhappy with everything in my life. Angry every day, hating, loathing, 
wishing devastation on others out of feeling hurt. I am starting to realize 
that god is more than just someone telling you what to do.. he is a 
foundation. Happiness is simple, choose happiness and it will find you. The 
alternative is the destruction of everything good in your life. As kids our 
smiles were never ending, find where we misplaced that.