I'm not Mormon, but I love these videos! I wish more churches would try to 
help it's members in such a loving and personal way.﻿Beautiful!﻿loving your child is all well and good, but if you CONTINALLY show 
disrespect to their other parent (Mother OR Father) then you teach that 
child that is how you act in a relationship and THAT is how your child will 
be treated or treat others when THEY are in relationships. Love this I hope every Father in the World watches this..God Bless...the video does not tells us to only love the mothers. it shows us one 
better way how to love the child by loving his/her mom. gets mo?The best way to raise your child is not to love her/his mother but to 
actually love your child.Love this! Oh and ShayCarl brought me here.Shaytards FTW!!!shaytards anyone?Have a wonderful baptism, Princesstard!nah, they love their mother so much they turned the screen upside down to 
like it againAlthough I don't know anything about Mormonism, this is a really good 
message. :DShaytards anyone?More of what the world needs. Moms and dads who love each other. How 
different would our families be, if this were the case for all families.The 
world would certainly be different. Changing the world one family at a time 
by moms and dads loving each other with total fidelity to one another!The best thing a father can do for his children is to love their motherWhen you truly love someone, real love, that comes with everything: 
respect, fairness, service, etc. Get it?"Fathers, be good to your daughters and daughters will love like you do. 
For girls become lovers, who turn into mothers, so mothers, be good to your 
daughters, too." Wonderful video, as a daughter. :)this video shows that their fathers example will impact the YW's kife in 
choosing a spouse. but i do not disagree with youAwesome message! I miss being home with my wife and daughters.Love her mother... good advice. How about respecting her as an equal who is 
equally able to make decisions?I agree.I should, um, *wipes away tear* I should probably stop watching these in 
the halls at school. People are looking at me funny.My 4 boys often laugh when they "catch" kissing or teasing their mom in the 
kitchen. I remind them often what my father used to tell me, that girl's 
hearts are precious and tender. I hope these lessons will sink deep into 
their hearts as they mature into young men.I LOVE LDS! Thank you ! I love sister Dalton!! I saw her and she truly is an angel!!I thank this religion for changing me into the father i am today, growing 
up my family never treated me how a parent should, they never helped with 
homework, never held me... never really showed me what love really was. I 
know our heavenly father is true and thank you, and god bless for changing 
me to the man i am today.Moms are amazing Every father should see this video. They should take it to heart. They 
should follow the teachings contained herein. Thank you, Mormon Channel, 
for this awesome video. I am so sorry for the horrible musical on Broadway. 
"There will be mockers in the last days." Thanks again. We need more 
Christian men to stand up and protect their daughters.I love this.....:)Does anyone know where I can find the song in this video?! I've been there! But these videos make my heart sweell with joy and I love 
it! God, I love God.I was being succesfull at avoiding to cry until I read you.. THANKS!!!! I know the Chinese couple in this video. PROBLEM. They have a son, not a 
daughter.Made me cry... beautiful and so true! There is a good book called the peacegiver about how the atonement of jesus 
christ applies to those who have been wronged and have not been recognized 
or apologized too. I cried through every page of the book I totally agree. I think that's why the Mormon church paid so much to share 
this message with everyone and not just their congregations. That's what many people don't realize about the Mormon church. The goal of 
the church is not to convert every single person in the world. But the goal 
is to slowly help people one by one to become better. I watched Sister Dalton deliver this message. When she gave the answer, 
it's beautiful simplicity brought me to tears. How could anyone dispute it? I love this video! and as we watch it, even though it was created to be a 
guide for fathers on how to raise daughters, we listen to the gentle 
whispering of the Spirit, and can learn much more. What a wonderful message 
and lesson.I have no father, i wish i had ever had a father who had loved my mother 
the way i love her, but just because i have no father doesn't mean i have a 
bad life, or that i have a void within me. A mother's love is sometimes 
more than enough to fill for a father. It's better to have one good parent 
than two bad parents. I'm glad my dad didn't stick around.Beautiful!Awesome. ☺This is a very true statement, However I think this video shouldn't just be 
reduced to daughters it should be children as a whole. so true, that IS the best gift you can give your children. husbands and 
wives can bring such happiness into their home by simply being kind to each 
other, and never speaking in a demeaning or angry manor.I am just thankful that I became a member of the church if not I could 
still be living with great loads of pain, grief and anger to my father.Continuation: In consequence I divided my time to his second and first 
family , I am glad that even though the second family is not my biological 
family they still accept me as part of their kin. I am there to provide 
love for my step mom and half brother which really is in pain right now. I 
also communicate with my father telling him everything that is happening, 
the problem is I don't know where he is right now. I also divide my time 
for my biological family.Hi there! Actually I never know that there is someone out there like me 
that have the same experience.The difference is I am a Mormon and my father 
is not, :D. My father also left his second family and first family which is 
us. The grief and anger was released a year ago because of my faith in 
Jesus Christ and in the scriptures.Life hasn't won't always be easy not all of us will have the privilege of 
having that father figure example in our life. It will take time to forgive 
but once you do you will realize two things in your life the first your 
were never alone your father in heaven has been there the whole time every 
step of the way, and the other that once you forgive him you let go of 
those feelings that hurt you and anger you you realize he messed up but 
your example of forgiving him will change him forever.A great message and great advice. I want to say something but I'm not sure what. You can let the cycle stop 
with you though. A young boy who is beaten when he is young over and over 
has a choice, he can either beat his children and say with anger and 
bitterness that its because his father did it or he can stop the cycle of 
abuse for the next generation and be an example to his children who will 
intern be an example their children.My dad was in the church when I was born. He stopped going about when my my 
little brother was born. About eight years ago. What I want most in this 
world is for my dad to go back to church. p.s. it is so hard to type with 
tears in your eyes I accept this challenge. I love my wife with all my heart, and can't wait 
to be a dad!well, as i consider that my father is not the rolemodell i want him to be,i 
can only do my best not behaving the way he does. that my advice to you. do 
not abondon ur family, then ur fathers faults have helped u to stay closer 
to ur own family. tough lesson.how you can forgive him and stop the bitterness? why cary his faults with 
you. throw them on christ, you burden are then light. I am so, so sorry for your loss. That sounds like it would be really hard. 
God asks us to forgive not so much for the offender's sake, but so we can 
be freed from that grief and anger which eats away at our souls. Reading 
"The Hiding Place" by Corrie Ten Boom really helped me learn to forgive. I 
know that with time and the help of Christ, all of our wounds can be 
healed. Good luck and God bless on your journey!Now my husband and I are wondering...how do we raise a son? Our little boy 
is coming in September and we have no clue what we are doing. We are 
grateful to have the gospel to help guide us. I'm not a mormon, but this video really was nice and dellusional. I grew up 
without a father, he left us when I was 4 and my brother 6. He went after 
another woman. After years of marriage he divorced her too (they have a 
son) to hook up with a 20 years younger girl. They're married now too and 
are expecting another child. My dad is not an evil person. He is just 
profoundly lost. But how can I forgive him if he never said sorry??? So I 
keep walking with this all eating grief and anger in me... An amazing message for Fathers!Sorry about the character limit--anyway, there is *nothing* fair about your 
situation. Nothing. The atonement of Jesus Christ and His gospel, the love 
of God--but specifically *just Him* and not even necessarily His church 
(b/c of its people's ongoing imperfections and sins)--are the *only* things 
that can or will ever fully mitigate and rectify injustice with justice, 
mercilessness with mercy, hate with love, etc. Fathers who abandon their 
children will be held fully accountable. We all held soI'm sorry Araanna for your pain. I pray you will have strength to hold to 
your way. I pray that while you may never have a positive or any 
relationship with your earthly father, that our Heavenly Father will bless 
you to know He is always *your* Heavenly Father, and that somehow, 
somewhere, through His love extended to you through His Son, you will be 
able to feel the love you deserve, you need, that is there--just perhaps 
not through a channel or way you most crave and want. I care about you.This is nice for women and girls with fathers that didn't abandon 
them...what about the majority of us that don't have father figures...you know satin is having a bad day when thirty vids are uploaded to youtube 
by mormonmessages in one sitting :) lol 100,000 VIEWS! today is a good day 
:)GRACIAS POR SUBIR ESTE VIDEO ME LLEGO AL CORAZON Because the church is WORLDWIDE church and expresses itself and reaches out 
in a variety of language. Be grateful for the wide spread and 
internationally growing membership of the church. :) Awesome!I just went to click the vote up button on your comment...and accidentally 
clicked the other button. I guess that just goes to show you that if I can 
do it, certainly eight people can hit the wrong button the video, right? :)What a great message! Perfect for Mother's Day.Beautiful!"Be loyal to the royal within you"  thanks for the infoLove is the key of this world <3I hear ya dude. Powerful video. I have a lot of repenting to do. it happens to me all the time!!!!!...... I can't help itOh, my goodness! This made me cry! Beautifully done!ohhh I love this video!!!!... please!!! submit at spanish!!! PLEASE PLEASE 
PLEASE!!!!Oh my goodness, my heart is so touched! I feel like weeping. I am so 
grateful for this Church, for the life lessons it teaches me.there are 6 million members that speak spanish in the church... i think 
they appreciate any spanish that they can get from the church. :) just like 
how we appreciate english.Apparently, 8 people don't like loving mothers. Too bad for them.wonderful, loved it! thank you@SHAKOORK She has a very close and personal connection to the deaf. Her 
family uses sign language all the time as her brother is deaf.hey whoa one of the families in this video is in my home ward! so cool!I love this. I have two young daughters and I hope to raise them the right 
way.Thank you. I'll take that advice. Family First.Great video. Love it.Well, if she knows sign language, I'm assuming she would have a connection 
to the deaf community. I don't see why not.they always have spanish! why can't they have other languages once in a 
while?it just happened to me as well...LOVE it!!!Thank you...very inspirationalhow come they even have Chinese and not a word of Spanish??!?!!You know what's embarrassing? Crying in your office at work and yet I keep 
watching these Mormon Message videos anyway. Maybe I should get some work 
done. is the girl signing really Deaf, Hard of hearing, or does she have ANY 
connection to the Deaf community? Love, love, love... I agree, I believe! Thanks!