The little kid is cute cuteï»¿I can't believe there are dislikes. This is  a great message, for Mormons 
or not!ï»¿THESE VIDEOS MAKE ME CRY!ï»¿:-)ï»¿I'm a mormonï»¿so sad ðŸ˜¢ï»¿My grandma told me this, there's two roads in life; there's a bad road, 
it's real smooth and most people go down there. And there's the good road, 
it's so bumpy but in the end, it's all worth itï»¿so beautifulï»¿This is so beautiful. Mothers truly sacrifice so much for their families, 
they deserve so much credit. Thank you for sharing this video Mormon 
Channel. I'm so happy I'm a Mormon :')ï»¿I'd almost criedï»¿its a vary good message ;Dï»¿I loved this so much <3ï»¿Todos los que hacen estos mensajes son miembros?ï»¿Muy lindo el video!ï»¿Beautifulï»¿I'm a convert to the church who needs to get back there.

And I wasn't purposely persuaded to believe in the Church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter day Saints.

point 1- But all my prayers! have been answered through and by Heavenly 
Father He sent the missionaries my way so that within it's self was a 
blessing

And that we "need" from him instead of "wanting" from Him all the time.

# thanks!ï»¿This has such a beautiful meaning <3ï»¿I loved hearing President Hinckley's voice and the beautiful message I 
sometimes forget. Thank you.ï»¿Loved the video! I think my favorite part was the message! Also loved 
seeing the American girl Emily Bennett doll!ï»¿That ending thoï»¿if that was my mom, i would notice her and hug her, they have a great house 
and a great mother, i have a family that dosn't exactly stay together and 
im 10 with a small house, i would be so greatful to have what they do ðŸ˜”ï»¿it's speech time ðŸ’Ÿ. Be grateful for the things you have ðŸ’˜. Help the 
people around you when they really need it and you don't know how hard it 
is for your family to do everything to make you life happy ðŸ’. so please 
help Other's no matter what even if its crazy but not that crazy ðŸ˜‹.

~StrawberryswirlðŸ˜Žï»¿It's sad how she does so much and then after a hard day everything has gone 
to waste and the kids are arguingï»¿So sad at the end it makes my spirit warm â˜ºï»¿THIS IS SO PRECIOUSï»¿Um Why unlike this video?ï»¿I'm not LDS, but I am a mom. I've watched this a few times, and every time 
it makes me cry...<3ï»¿I cried at the end but... THEY. WERE. TEARS. OF. JOY!!! ðŸ˜‚ï»¿"Mom..... I forgot." Literally the cutest part omg 
ï»¿She such a good caring mom!!ï»¿Whats a mormon?ï»¿I love itï»¿wow one of these with really good acting! good job!ï»¿it just me or does the babysitter look like taylor swiftï»¿This is so touching XDï»¿Why would anyone dislike this?ï»¿I LOVE this video ðŸ’™ðŸ’™ðŸ’™ðŸ’™ðŸ’™ðŸ’œðŸ’œðŸ’œðŸ’œðŸ’œðŸ’œï»¿Wow everyone has that day ï»¿â¤â¤ I Love this videoï»¿Why is it that Gordon B Hinckley's voice always makes me teary-eyed? Such a 
great man.ï»¿Neither am I am Mormon....but this video and a lot of the others speak so 
clearly to me and my troubles, I just feel invisable and account for 
nothing.  What is my purpose?ï»¿god bless itï»¿Jessica looks like talyor swiftï»¿yea nice videoï»¿Nice videoï»¿who is kate??ï»¿o my gosh i started to cry at the end! thats so cuteï»¿May God help us all. ï»¿Not really easy for singles mothers. May God give us strength and help us.ï»¿I am a single mother right now. I am battling to get back to church because 
it conflicts with one of my jobs. My husband was deported to Mexico because 
of an expired visa and down in Mexico he self medicated himself with 
adventure and then cleaned up and got baptized. However one day he told me 
that he did not love me the same anymore. And that was when I just knew in 
my heart there was someone else for him. We have a four year old boy who is 
adhd and I struggle everyday with college, keeping him calm, and here 
recently with my faith. I feel like things are never going to get better, 
although I know one day they will. I am exactly like this woman in the 
video. I never say no to nobody and I always aim to make people happy. I 
realize now that even something as simple as prayer can begin to give me 
hope for a better change in mine and my sons lifeï»¿Love this ðŸ’—ï»¿Check out her to-do list: "Return shoes", "take photos for blog", "call 
babysitter", "replace drawer pulls", "sew William's scout patches", "delete 
FB account", "thank you card to Jill", "take dinner to Carroways" -- only 2 
of those things had to be done that day, and could've easily been done in 5 
minutes with a call to a pizza place. She had 7 hours of school-day minus 3 
hours of service to do what she wanted/needed to do. (Of course moms with 
small children never get much of a break...)

The big problem is that the unusual number of pop-up demands messed up her 
visit with her cousin. =( 

As a husband of a wife who does the same kinds of things, 3 in one day is 
not normal. I hate to see people interpret this as the church encouraging 
people to be slaves to others' problems. 

Instead I see a beautiful family having an unusually hard day that reveals 
how well set their hearts and priorities are. My heart goes out to this 
(fictional) mom and all the real ones who make the same choices. 

ï»¿brilliant very touching guys I love itxxxxxï»¿Who is Kateï»¿Whenever I watch this message I cry.ï»¿Thank you for a wonderful message!ï»¿I'm not Mormon but these messages have been really helping my spirit today. 
Thank you. ï»¿so awesome! This makes me feel better about doing good things.ï»¿ I am not Mormon, but a friend shared this video. I thought it was 
excellent, and it did fit the message at the end. In the video, there is a 
constant reminders of the to-do list, and the messy house with chores that 
don't seem to get done. You see a view of mom that gives her time to 
others, and doesn't see the benefit. In the end, when you see her list, she 
only got two things done, and she didn't get to see her cousin. You would 
think that the day was a failure.

But when her son says, "Thank Thee that you allowed us to get all things 
done that You needed us to do today," the mom realized that the things she 
accomplished in that day were not what she wanted to do on her to-do list, 
but what God needed her to do for that day. She helped her son win the 
Science Fair, she helped her sister make a decision in life, she helped a 
friend who was struggling with bad news, and she helped a new family get a 
nourishing meal for the night.

The speaker's voice summed up the point. When we serve others, we should 
never feel like we have failed, or that our performance is lacking, because 
we cannot be aware of all the good that we do on His behalf. And also being 
thankful for what you do have despite missing out on things we really want.ï»¿wheres the fatherï»¿Oh, I love this video!ï»¿All the negative comments on here are hunters attempting to prey on the 
weak in faith and make them fall away from the truth! Beware of wolves in 
sheep's clothing folks! The LDS church is THE TRUE church. No other is. ï»¿If the Holy Spirit whispers to a woman that she needs to stop what she is 
presently doing and help someone, regardless of what is happening with her 
stay at home children, she needs to obey. Our personal beliefs and 
scriptural interpretations can never "trump" or override a divine mandate. 
Jesus Christ is the Ultimate example of putting all else to the side and 
SACRIFICING ALL that HE had and was to save us!  I am amazed at how many 
people CLAIM to be Christian, but have absolutely no idea what "Christian" 
means. It means doing things as Jesus Christ would do. Jesus said, "I came 
to do the will of my Father, not to do MY will!"ï»¿good video :D LOVEEEEE IT <3ï»¿my sister was a single parent for a long time and I believe the spirit of 
the message is a good one. The video is not meant for sideline critics to 
solve this woman's problems by how she should learn to say "no", etc. The 
point was to give hope and inspiration and to help us realize that even 
though we don't accomplish everything we would like to or sometimes our 
plans get ruined, we should realize the impact of the good we are 
accomplishing. ï»¿8:01-8:05 Al Fox Caraway is in it. I love her and this video. ï»¿thank youï»¿I love this video at times I feel the same way don't know how much good I 
have done.ï»¿When she sad hey u forgot this I thought it. Would be a kissï»¿Is it just me or does the babysitter look familiar?ï»¿I really really like this video. ï»¿we man have to respect our wife more,ï»¿Our disappointments fade away 
Though the best plans were left undone
When you can thank God at the end of the day 
That He inspired you to help someoneï»¿Goodness, I feel gutted! Poor mama having to go through all that ... in 
just one day. This video has motivated me to seek out the single mums in my 
area and seek that they are taken care of. Thanks, Church!ï»¿i love this videosï»¿The great thing about this video, is that you don't need the supernatural 
parts to make it any less true.ï»¿Mormons are precious people who deserve the truth...jesus was not a created 
being or spirit. Hebrews chap 1 and colossians chap 1 reveal that. we must 
repent and receive Christ and worship him alone; not honoring any man in a 
near form of diety; or believing we can earn our salvation; titus chap 3 
verse 5.ï»¿It's amazing! 
Just, why did the plans changed, causing her to break down?ï»¿