I cried when I watched this. This is absolutely amazing! People who didn't 
even know you gave up their time to help you because they knew you needed 
it. It's just unbelievable what people do for each other.﻿Wow. Its really touched my heart.. And encourage myself to do more good﻿I almost cried ;(﻿nice﻿I love this and is very spiritual to me I hope you guys feel the same﻿its so touching ;-;﻿I love seeing people serving others.﻿Jesus Christ would help someone that is why we are here to help people that 
we don't know each other 
﻿Things like this happen everyday but the help and courage and the things 
they did to keep a little girl,Annie, to keep her alive is showing how much 
people can care for a stranger! This broke my heart to see this young lady 
go through these things. I send love and support! Love a young lady herself 
Abby Wilson﻿We always can make something good for someone we don't know or We now a 
title bit. Adopting. Millions of kids are orphans and need good homes with 
good families. Adopting pets. Saving the environment. Being nice, smiling, 
respectful, volunteering time helping people with special needs, giving 
opportunities of education, being tender and nice  with shy people,  
donating, caring, having positive feelings, etc, etc. God bless all my 
brothers and sisters.﻿You must've been brave Anna ﻿wow﻿Hi, I liked your video, please like my anti-bullying music video. Thanks! 
<3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31qNNgLCUEk﻿She's died ?? 😞﻿The first time I saw this my I couldn't stop crying. I'm glad she got the 
transplant.I really try not to cry it's so sad but i'm Mormon and i'm glad she 
survived ;)We watched this in elders quorum and each time I have seen it after 
whenever I see he put on the crown I just want to cry! Thanks goes to our Father in Heaven for placing on Earth wonderful Son's 
and Daughters even to help lift one another no matter whom they 
maybe...weather of the same faith or not we are all Heavenly Fathers 
Children!I would like to Express me greatful and thankful for all speaker in the 
conference it remind to remember my Savors. I am blessed to see the fruits, Elder Eyring. Thank you for the several 
beautiful messages this morning on this channel. I have been reminded that 
I stand in a holy place with the Lord's angels about me and that I have 
children of God to serve in the way that I am able to serve, that this is a 
sacred calling. I will have courage. Esther 4:14. These videos were 
nourishing and inspiring, reached into heart of 'the ghetto' today and 
lifted us.This is such a beautiful video!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanx loved it all!!!! Maybe because they speak to your fundamental self.because some people are bitter and hateful How can so many people give a thumb down to this video? This isn't about 
being Mormon, or Catholic, Muslim or Athiest. This video is about 
caring/serving one another. This is true love of Christ. Yes, I am a 
Mormon. I am proud of that. I serve actively in the military with many of 
my brothers of different faiths or no faith. I would be proud to sacrifice 
so that they could live or improve the quality of their life. I know they 
would/are doing the same. The Difference between Mormon and Christian: We are Christians, We belong 
to the Church Of Jesus Christ Of Latter-Day Saint's We Believe that the 
Book Of Mormon is another testament of Jesus Christ. Why can't I watch these videos without crying?! :) I love this because it proves that science and faith can produce so much 
together. Science produced the transplant procedure that would save this 
girl's life, and the faith of not only her family members but everyone 
around them helped make that operation possible. Science and faith aren't 
enemies, just two truths telling the same story.I just became a Mormon, this is an excellent video! This video is great for 
anyone & everyone of all religions!this is a good video for all lpeople in all religions i believe most 
religions are all true and we all call n pray to the one God that loves 
each n everyone of us here on Earthhow can people dislike a great story like this? Nice.Does anyone know anything about the music in this video? It's really lovely.I love this video. The power of prayer and fasting is truly incredible.I enjoyed this story so very touching, makes me very proud to have 
discovered the truth. I am proud to be mormon. @MrThemedevilwarrior Being Mormon IS being Christian. Christian means to 
believe in Christ, not some specific religion. We believe Jesus is the 
Christ, and so we are Christian. Though it's not the same vice versa.I'm not Mormon, but love your channel. So many great videos. This totally 
made me cry.Oh dear. This made me blubber like a little kid! Such a moving video! :)@krimmola even i am not a mormon or even christian or catholic i love to 
see mormon messages video. so touching@MrThemedivalwarrior Mormons are Christians. The official name of the 
church is "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints" There are a few 
protestant denominations that claim that Mormons are not Christians because 
they either misunderstand the doctrine, or they disagree that Christ has 
restored His church on the earth today. I would recommend that you go to 
Mormon.org to find out more about the church. Those who join the church do 
so because of Christ; hence Mormons are Christians.but i dont understand, whats the difference between a mormon and i 
christian ?I know that the Church of Jesus Christ is the true church on this earth! 
Period. How do I know? I prayed and got my answer. This church changes 
lives for the better!!! I have a strong testemony, and that is something 
that nobody can take it away from me :)The spirit hit me like a ton of bricks, watching this it makes me 
appreciate my little ones and not to take them for granted. I love this 
church, I am so Blessed to be a LDS. I loved this video. This is how the LDS people and caring people everywhere 
respond when help is needed. It shows that there is goodness in the world 
and how it touches lives. This is what the Savior taught "to love one 
another" and "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my 
brethren, ye have done it unto me." My name is David. I'm a college student. I'm a dog owner. I love to run. 
And I'm a Mormon. ThxI am not mormon, but i have to say, this video is beautiful.@DeusUniversa10 What if we are all children of God? What if we are here to 
learn and grow by the experiences of life? What if the best thing we can 
learn here is compassion, caring, loving, and serving each other. What if 
every suffering soul is both a teacher, and a learner ? Look around you. 
Every creature or element of nature is a gift helping us to learn and grow. 
Just from your questions, you are already learning compassion. Without 
sorrow there is no pity, no joy, and no wisdom.@DeusUniversa10 I think the purpose of this vidio is to highlight the fact 
that we still have good things and people in this world. That’s a hard 
thing to grasp in a hopeless feeling world. Obvesly we still have the evils 
of the world that take the lives of inocent pople but I feel the more of 
these hope feeled messeges the world has the more good we will start to see 
around us. Just my thinking. Take if for what its worth to you. @DeusUniversa10 it is painful and heartbreaking when I watch news or hear 
someone telling a story like related to those tragedies of life. I don't 
know all the answers, and I am pretty sure that no one does. But from my 
own experience (when I saw friends and family experiencing death, murder, 
terminal disease, or other tragedies) I could see that even during those 
hard times God loved them. Help someone in those kind of situations and you 
will get what I mean. Existence doesn't end with death.Do u know the story of Job? He was a very righteous man, but he suffered 
greatly, the reason such terrible things were happening to him was because 
he was being tested, and guess what? He passed the test, because not once, 
throughout his suffering, did he blame God, because of his dilegence and 
faith in the Lord, he was rewarded. When you go through trials, it. is. a. 
test. Those who suffer and remain faithful are rewarded VERY greatly in the 
afterlife and after they die. Does this help you?@DeusUniversa10 Things happen cause they happen. They happen because things 
are done, and dont happen because things arent done. Just because someone 
is religious, doesnt mean they are exempt from those things. Good comes 
from good and bad from bad. All things are done again to those who do them, 
although not always immediately.@DeusUniversa10 Life a test here on earth that we have to face your will 
determines what you'll become, those cases of an innocent person dying 
doesn't mean they dont have a chance, what they do in the main part of 
their life determines where they'll end up. Those generous beings are here 
to set an example of what we should strive to be. Life requires Death its 
how we look at death that changes our mind. Some people aren't given 
chances as much, but their innocence provides Christs love.all those people who hate this video are going to regret it...joking. but 
seriously this is the coolest story ever. @DeusUniversa10 THANK YOU!Interesting, very interesting.@DeusUniversa10 Your question is invalid. The problem is, you can't really 
answer that question without at the very least touching on faith. 
Everything is for a reason, every action, or incident has a purpose. 
Although we may not see what it is at the time, it's our job to look 
forward in "faith" to find the answer.@DeusUniversa10 Hi DeusUniversal10 - I think the reason why is so that we 
as human's can prove to God how we can/will overcome adversity. The more we 
do, the more we overcome, the more we endure in this life brings us a 
greater reward in the next life. I truly believe that with all my heart. 
That is how I can go on each day and endure all that I have gone through in 
the 43 years that I have been on this earth. I hope this helps. truth is that we dont have anything in this world, all is given and then 
all is taken awayI thank God for my healthy daughter and I ask the Lord the same blessing 
for all who are in need or ill and need the Heavenly Father´s help! @ReasonableAtheist People giving you reasons as to why god does or does not 
exist is people finding out for you, not you finding out for yourself. But 
the only way you will know for certain is experiencing and finding it out 
for yourself.Hello. What about the religious kid who died of a fatal gun shot wound? 
What about the faithful and loving christian girl was raped and killed 
slowly? What about the born again catholic boy who never had a chance 
because he had an incurable disease? Why is the plan full of poverty, 
death, torture, and murder? If anyone replies to me with answer related to 
'faith', or quotes a verse, your opinion is automatically invalid. Thanks 
for helping me outThank you so much for these videos! We're so glad that Annie is okay! @SNOOKIizUGLY congrats! and keep this in mind; we don't go to change lives, 
we go to change eternieties. :)The plan of our heavenly father at work is great!This uplifts me as a future missionary nov 16What a story! Thanks for sharing! This is y I LOVE MY CHURCH an all good people in this world that we do 
have. WE NEED TO ACT AS MISSIONARIES of JESUS CHRIST AT ALL TIMES... love 
morman messagesOMG, i'm about to cryyyyyyy ! I'm super PROUD, I'M CHRISTIANNNNN ++++ @dreamtheaterisbetter No it doesn't :D Everyone has a right to what they 
believe in :) I'm not a Mormon, but I think this was so amazing. I'm glad there are 
people out there who really do care.The composer of this music is Aaron James Karr. He is actually a singer but 
he composes music for films too!Thank you for sharing this, I needed this reminder. p.s so many of these 
videos have beautiful accompanying music. especially this one. Is there 
anyway we can find out what the music is and how we can purchase it?What's amazing about this video is that it is just one of MANY, MANY very 
similar stories that typify the selfless service that members of The Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints give to friends and neighbors of all 
faiths. I feel extrememly blessed to be a part of such a wonderful group of 
people who truly try to exemplify the teachings of the Savior in their 
every day lives. I have been a recipient of their kindness and service 
many, many times!I'm an atheist. But hey, that doesn't make me a bad person.wow :')@krimmola haha me too. definitely teared up, very nice storyLove for others is the common currency of people of good will and faith 
from around the globe. Some people seem to have a mission in life to touch 
and enlarge the hearts of others and unite them in a common goal. Annie 
seems to be one of these.I'm no Mormon, but when the economy collapsed I would feel a lot safer in 
Utah. Mormon's seem to be very tight knit and will probably be the first 
people to pull themselves out of a total crisis like that. Have you signed your doner card?I love this. It makes me cry. Proof comes in many shapes and sizes. A good feeling. Inspiration. People 
being lifted by their belief in a higher power. Research comes in many 
shapes and sizes. Clinical observations. Double blind studies. 
Self-examinations. I agree that good is good. I believe that even 
Reasonable Atheists don't have proof that God does not exist. We all must 
walk by faith. Whether that is faith in ourselves, faith in a higher power 
or both! I choose both.God exists. It is amazing that atomic structure and the structure of the 
solar systems in the cosmos are so similar. It is impossible to believe 
that it is by accident.R-A, how sad you cannot see the beauty of this story and others all around 
you. Read Alma 30 about proofs. Look all around you. The proof is everywhereHaving breath everyday, Life to live with.. is the simplest proof why God 
exist. I know my Heavenly Father lives, He gave me life, a family who can 
show love and express care. I am grateful for the gospel of Jesus Christ. I 
testify that God lives, he hears and answers every prayer. He is always 
there. I'm certain the people in this video weren't pretending. Proof that there 
is a God is in the actions of people like these. Regardless of their 
beliefs, they were inspired to give of themselves by an influence far 
greater than their own selfish desires. Beautiful video.We can see the effect of wind, we can see it move the grass, leaf, so on, 
but we can't see wind. Just because you have not seen something or someone, 
does not imply no existence. The clothes you wear, someone created them, 
you don't know who, you will never meet there creator, would anyone deny 
someone created them? Everything around us denotes there is a Creator. What 
more do you need than nature itself as proof there is an Almighty? Faith is 
like the wind, you only see the affects of it.We are SO small compared to this enormous universe. Just one look through a 
telescope tells us how incredible HE is. Of course someone made us. If you 
have children... can you imagine them ignoring the fact that you made them? 
They can pretend you don't exist, but it doesn't change the fact that it is 
true. It doesn't matter if you believe in him . . . He still loves you, 
believes in you, and DOES indeed exist.Great video, thank you for spending the time and money to put this 
together. All of us who were involved are very grateful for the tender 
mercies of the Lord shown unto the Rowan family.This is so touching. Made me cry. I love mormon messages and I am proud to 
be a mormon.Dear God, please help me and everyone who sees this to have even a fraction 
of the love and charity of all the people in this video and perhaps we 
might yet change the world for good. thank you, ~searching for thee.