I love the teachings of Christ﻿A lot of ppl ,don't believe in the Later Day Saints Of Jesus Christ, but if 
you would truly listen, become educated, and have Faith it's really no 
difference....... Mormons Rock......... I'm praying for everyone like I do 
at all times....... love me Linda.....﻿Long-haired Christ became a popular depiction during the 6th century. That 
being said, do you think the man in the video would be as easily 
recognizable as Christ to the average viewer if he had short hair?What?The story jesus is sang is more important that the actorO filme é tão maravilhoso mas porque não tem legendado em Português?I needed this...to remind me of Him. ;)Why is Jesus always dispicted looking like a sixties hippy, long hair and 
all? I think the norm back then was shorter hair. And working in stone the 
way he did, he would have been much more muscular. Jesus was not a hippy. I know that Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ love us, because They always 
give us a privilege to come back His presence. Even though we are not 
perfect They always show a love for us that to become a perfect.... Should show a depiction of the parable!Excellence!!I like the way they pictured John , he's always sitting there next to Jesus 
very close to Him , they make me feel that Jesus was everything to John; 
His master , His teacher , His father , His brother and His BEST FRIEND :) Que videos tan excelentes, ojala pronto los podamos tener en españolBoooooooooring. Be grateful this is even here this is amazing an you should get tht no 
matter what>Una traducción NO OFICIAL puede encontrarla en el canal de Youtube de 
vlobaco. Están subtitulados y mientras llega la versión de la Iglesia. 
Espero que sea de ayuda.Our Father in Heaven's kingdom Contains the greatest treasure to find It is 
filled with pearls of great wisdom Reserved for the good of mankind But 
where will all the bad go? They that are bad will be cast out Into the 
fiery furnace aglow Of these truths, does anyone doubt?The scriptural reference is in the description: Matthew 13:44-51. The 
dialogue is taken directly from the scriptural account. SO AWESOME!!! :)@RumTumTuggy do you mean Mormonchannel's picture? (sorry, using a phone, it 
can be hard to tell if people reply to each other.) That is the angel 
Moroni, a prophet in the book if Mormon. He's holding a trumpet, which 
represents heralding the Savior's 2nd coming. You'll see a statue of him 
atop most LDS Temples.Please, translate all the last videos into Spanish! :DHey what does your profile picture represent? I've seen many people on 
youtube with it but I can't find out what it means. When we remember the eternal happiness that awaits the righteous in the 
Kingdom of Heaven, we are more willing to obey God's commandments and trust 
in His will. We would do well in always remembering that hope and planning 
our days accordingly. As Jesus said on a later occasion, "What profiteth it 
a man if he should gain the whole world and lose his own soul? Or what 
shall he give in exchange for his soul?" love Bible Videos :)