in wich general conference was this talk given?﻿This message made me think that no matter how much and how good I teach the 
gospel at church or preach it to my friends, I´ve got to be the best 
teacher and preacher in my home, to my wife and to my kids, I´ve got to 
accept the responsability of nourishing them, more than anyone else, I´ve 
got to teach them about the gift of the holy Ghost and the atonement of 
Christ. ﻿My most important work will be in the home, with my future husband and 
future children. I have a divine potential given to me to follow my 
heavenly parents. 
While I am preparing to go on a mission and serving in my ward, are 
priorities to me, I know the plan of families is where we reap the most 
joy. ﻿We still protecting our precepts. The battle its worse at this times. 
Sometimes we get seek about that but remember we are God's soldiers. ﻿Great message about protecting our own homes.﻿Whenever you need comfort watch one of these😊😊😊﻿This message is so needed nowadays! It's important to keep in mind that our 
home must be a holy place, and mantain it clean from everything... it's not 
impossible to protect our nestings, now we have poweful tools c:﻿"You will do no greater eternal work than within the walls of your own 
home" Boyd K. Packer. Great video, check it out!﻿Great message.﻿I am so thankful that we have prophets and apostles to lead us teach us and 
help us to protect our children and our families﻿Love it﻿Just when you think you are safe
Satan finds another way
Hold to what the prophets say
Safety comes to those who obey﻿Out of all the folk i taught on my mission, i find the most challenging to 
help my family. Theyre inactive at the moment, but that wont stop me from 
continued work on them. This video helped reminded me to not stopnmy 
efforts on helping them get to the temple. ﻿Totally relevant today in 2015.﻿thus is wonderful love of the Lord!!﻿Great art and inspiring message﻿Sad! We never think it could happen in our own homes. But it can, if we're 
not being mindful of the things we allow to enter.﻿Powerful message. Thank you :)﻿Great video.﻿The absolute true ﻿Wonderful video.  There is nothing quite like a story from President 
Packer.﻿Love it!!﻿Good message for our day!!﻿