Wow this is amazing!! I just got my call to the Cape Verde Praia mission 
yesterday! So excited to learn Portuguese and teach these people the 
gospel!! I report sept 2, 2015. So exciting!!!!﻿Black members were always allowed to be baptized, they just couldn't 
recieve the priesthood for a time. Similary situations have occurred in the 
past. In Acts 10, Cornelius was the first Gentile to be baptized into the 
Church without previously having joined the Jews. Blacks could always be 
members of the Church and believe but the priesthood was the only thing 
they didn't have.you have no clue!May 15 MTC baby!just as I thought, an idiot! Looks like you're the one who hasn't been doing their research. Not to 
mention, you're flat our lying or just eating the garbage the internet is 
feeding you. The LDS church has always excepted black members .They were 
one of the first, if not the earliest church to embrace blacks and allow 
them to worship with them in their congregations.Mormons until recently didn't accept people with dark skin until recently 
when their tax exempt status would be revoked! do research! People with 
dark skin was thought only to be slaves of those in the Mormon church! Wow 
now there is allegedly no barriers? Wow!I love my country..This was a great project. It was a pleasure to edit this video and watch 
the footage, story, and music come together. Out of all the videos I've 
edited this year for the LDS Church, this is one of the ones I'm most proud 
of.What an amazing video! I got my call to serve there, and go into the MTC 
January 9th! I leave for the country Feb 19!!Have you taken the time to get to know any of the people in your country 
who are members of this universally considered Christian church? Have you taken the time to look into what you are suggesting? The Church 
spends hundreds of millions of dollars each year on worldwide humanitarian 
aid. That doesn't appear to be seeking monetary gains. Maybe take a look 
into what the religion is all about and you may be surprised. I got my call here (: i report to the MTC oct. 3rdSo the Mormon taught that blacks were the sed of Satan and now they're 
going to seek them out?! No doubt for monetary gains. Typical of all 
religions....pffft.Jesus e a nossa nacao B R A S I Lviva cabo verde! Servi la em 2000I served in the porto mission in 2001-2003, we had missionaries from cabo 
verde in our mission. This video means a lot to me. I served in Porto, Portugal with Luis Barbosa 
from Praia, Cabo Verde in 1996. He was a great man and I'm sure has done 
much to continue to help the church grow in Cabo Verde.Wow - in all corners of the earth, the gospel is thriving. I feel like I am 
living in the times that Daniel spoke about. You did such a great job of 
showing the spirit of this people. A wonderful production - in every way.Sweet....I'm going there on July 11th!! Er...the MTC. Go team!My girlfriend is going there on July 11th to serve her mission there! So 
excited!! I LOVE HER! She'll do great!OH MY GOSH so Wired I had a dream the other night i got a mission call.. 
and i think it was to the pace in the Video :O WOW still have to put my 
papers in tho to go when im a member a year Tudo isso e puro milagro! Os misioneros e os membros la sao exemplos para 
mim em como ter e utilizar a fe para cumplir grandes coisas. I'm serving a 
mission in Louisiana now, and I need to remember that Heavenly Father wants 
to pour out blessings and establish strong stakes EVERYWHERE, not just in 
Utah or Cabo Verde! What a great video. I am especially touched as my son has been recently 
called to serve a full time mission in Cabo Verde. Me enters the MTC on 
July 11 and will be working with these amazing people by the end of the 
summer. What a tremendous time to be working among such blessed people.YES! Fixe go! Tinha o privelegio de ser missionario nas ilhas de Cabo Verde 
2006-2007. The spirit is strong among us all. I know the church is true and the gospel 
will be fulfilledSeria legal se eles fizerem um video assim para todas as novas estacas.I love this video. The joy of the gospel of Christ is spreading.Wow, so is the Stake President like, 28?Quando eu aprendia o português na faculdade, soube que vários de meus 
companheiros tinham passado tempo ministrando nas ilhas de Cabo Verde. 
Senti o Espírito muito forte quando olhava este vídeo e me sinto orgulhoso 
dos Santos dos Últimos Dias desse país. Devem ser um povo realmente 
especial.A blessed people.That was great! Gostei demais!it is so amazing to see the gospel grow in other parts of the world :]Maravilhoso. Awesome.Cool