this is so beautiful I love it﻿Amazing Katherine!﻿WOW! What a performance. Thank you Katherine and all, simply beautiful.﻿fantastic...﻿The Prayer or sometimes called A Mother's Prayer was written by David 
Foster about a mother's point of view to her daughter who goes of to war﻿beautiful it would great hear katherine sing  How great thou art with the 
choir ﻿Wonderful voice.... Wonderful lady..... Congratulation.....﻿Katherine Jenkins, British Forces favourite and Pride of Wales :-)﻿Emocionante  lindo <3﻿yes, YES! this is a most beautiful- maybe THE most beautiful - performance 
of this song! thanks Lindsay! ﻿One of the best song 4me.﻿i love this song and this made me cry﻿Great singing of wonderful uplifting songs﻿Que coisa fantástica ! ...Lindamente a grande evolução da vos.Parece 
desfilar elegantemente por onde a poesia o conduz.E a belíssima orquestra,o 
segue em altíssimo estilo.E um divino "Coro ",parece magicamente,sustenta a 
toda essa incrível performance de encantos !﻿The voice, the voice, Oh my, oh my!!!! What a combination, she has beauty, and a fantastic voice, inspiring music 
KJ What al voice and a face to go with her voice. I saw her on Dancing With 
The Stars and thought she was also a brilliant dancer.i never get tired of hearing this..magical, such precision to every 
note...just glorious, awesome just beautiful and blessed with gift of voice to bless others Her voice is perfection. What a gift she has and shares with us all.Such a beautiful voice and beautiful woman. Amazing.Fiquei encantada,sensacional,extraordinariaDavid Foster is a Big Fan of the Tabernacle Choir since he was a Boy and so 
am I. Thanks Heaven for having a David Foster in our midst who brings 
exemptional talents to perform with the Tabernacle Choir. I've seen a lot 
of them..Kudos!!! I've seen Katherine Jenkins perform " La Habanera" and 
you will agree with me. She is remarkably AWESOME!!!Katie, why did you ever bring youself to the great Salt Lake ...... think shy did already. She normaly sing a classical song like "Ave Maria"sapagka nami!Beautifulكاثرين رائعةرايعive seen katherine jenkins twice and she has such a amazing voice and my 
favourite songs our this her cover of evanscance wake me up in side and 
time to say goodbye I think shes just amazingWe all need a prayer in our lives.I love it when people use their talent for good things like this. She's so 
pretty and has a great voice. She should do opera!BeautifulWhat a fantastic backing choirBeautiful dress! Ther will be a few but as said Katherine is Anglican/Church of England 
Episcopal US.You are WRONG!You are listening, folks, to one of the most beautiful and powerful 
mezzo-soprano voices ever created by God. She is truly a musical treasure 
and she really is as she appears to be - humble and sincere. I am so happy 
that God gave me the ability to hear (Katherine and that fabulous choir). A wonderful beautiful song and wonderful musician and singer a true artist 
- and the Mormon Choir wonderful as usual Yes her diction is perfect. I understood the Italian part. I am training 
classically so I am learning Italian. She's perfect. Perfect vocal 
resonance which is hard to do believe me. Lovely vibrato. Perfect voice. 
She's one of my favorite singers of all time. She is a mezzo. No a soprano.Blessed set of lungs that lady has...beautiful A beautiful song, sung by an angelic voice There are lots of LDS/ mormon members of the church in Wales :). Although 
Jenkins isn't one of them! But she does have an utterly stunning voice! :)Love Celine Dion and have all her albums, but Katherine Jenkins live 
performance version of 'the Prayer' has just blown Celine's version out of 
the water when Katherine goes up a gear using her operatic mezzo Soprano 
vocals. Just Wow !!! Just ordered 5 CD Albums !its a pretty tune and meaningful song!Beautiful song, Beautiful woman, Beautiful message - perhaps more programs 
like this will help to insure a more Beautiful World. I love watching 
MormonTabChoirYou should really get out more; the LDS church has been in Wales since 1840.Any one know where I can the sheet music of this solo version?Beautiful, magnificent.this is what talent actually looks like! no back up dancers, no light show, 
no effects! THe Mormons recruited a lot of Welsh in the late 1800's to come to the US. 
The tabernacle choir was started by the Welsh members of the church, and 
70% today still claim Welsh ancestry. I sing in a local Mormon choir and I 
am also of Welsh ancestry. Thomas HowellKatherine is Anglican/Church of England (Episscopal in the US)David Foster is Canadian, Katherine Jenkins is Welsh, I am Canadian and 
Welsh, good combination.if i hear this song 1 million times, it will never be enough... katherine 
sings to perfection, what a lovely rendition here,,,,she hits every single 
note effortlessly, she looks like a living angel singing on that 
stage...stunning and imagine that she also just completed 1/2 marathon for 
charity!!She's singing in classic mode, not pop music mode. And part of the song is 
in Italian, which might explain your difficulty understanding. Her diction 
is excellent, as with any singer who is classically trained.5***** to the soloist and 5***** to the MTC. I thank god every day for this 
wonderful musik of the best choir of the world.Sensational Welsh super-soprano Katherine Jenkins is tremendously talented 
& breath-takingly beautiful.Not yet! :D She is amazing, isn't she. AFAIK there aren't any Mormons in Wales but I could be wrong...Katherine Jenkins is not Mormon. But the Mormon people love her because of 
her spectacular talent, grace and wholesome image that represent goodness 
and nobility.I only counted 11 Grammys on his piano....where's he hiding the other five? It's Abigail from Doctor Who!! :oKatherine is an Anglican -Church of England /Welsh version and a prize 
winning choristerIt's a beautiful song, but I've heard it before (or a version of it) in the 
1998 movie "Quest For Camelot". The difference is that version was sung by 
Celine Dion and, thus, it was a bit easier to understand the words in the 
movie. This singer is singing with an odd style that makes her very 
difficult to understand (and makes a few of the long notes vibrate 
uncomfortably). Nevertheless, I could figure out enough of what she was 
singing to recognize the song (and it's a lovely song). :)this gave me chills!!!! WOW!!So bleesing...I love her voice! Even better than Charlotte Church! Is Katherine Jenkins 
Mormon?Heavenly, good music is good food for the soulBeautiful. Music is good food to the soul.so lovely :) This lady has definitely used the talents God gave her well.Wow. What a beautiful rendition of the song. She's gorgeous and obviously 
talented too ) hehe. Must be a great feeling having the orchestra and the 
choir accompanying you. beautiful! like a goddess!! BEAUTIFUL!! :)!Bellísima!Beautiful! 