i like this video﻿"Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye 
have done it unto me."

                                        -Matthew 25:40﻿perfect example of second most important commandment﻿Lord, I pray that if someone like that is presented to me, whether it's 
someone being bullied, hurt, or whatever, that I will help them. I pray 
that my motives will be right to. That they will not be for my own glory, 
but for the love of that person and for your glory. Amen﻿Wonderful presentation﻿It's hard to tell what the moral of the story is. For awhile now I have 
believed it to be: Whenever someone is in trouble give the good service you 
can to restore them.
But I think im wrong..﻿It is amusing to see at 0:33 the mule being smart enough to go around the 
stairs because it is the safer route.﻿ We must give service and love to our brothers.﻿anyone know the music?﻿the donkey looks sad﻿The command is, "Love your neighbour as thyself."

Who was the neighbour of the wounded man? So, it's easy to love ones 
'neighbour'.

Jesus then said, "Do ye likewise." 

The moral of the story: If you want to be loved; be a neighbour.

www.myhand.co.za﻿Does anybody know the name of the song on background? Where can i find it? ﻿This is the best video of this that i have ever seen﻿I remember when I saw a man standing outside of a bakery. He begged neither 
for money nor for food. However, he appeared to be hungry. I gave him some 
money, he straight away went inside. I like the Story of Good Samaritan. 
Once Theodor Roosvelt said: "Do what you can, with what you have, where you 
are..."﻿the Good Samaritan tells us we need to help other people. 0:11 in the 
parable a man is coming home from the temple in Jerusalem and headed 
through Jericho he reaches the Pillars of AI and robbers ambush him, steal 
his animals, rob him,beat him, strip him naked, and dump him onto the road. 
1:08 first comes the Priest he passes him and keeps going. 1:36 Then the 
Levitate comes and just like the Priest also passes him. 2:05 But the Good 
Samaritan comes picks him up, treats his wounds, puts him on his beast, and 
takes him to Jericho and pays the Inn Keeper to treat him until he returns. 
It was the Good Samaritan who showed gratitude. as the Savior said "Go and 
Do Likewise"       ﻿It's clear to see that 60 people would have walked by as well..God doesn't discriminate he loves us all equally and so is the depiction of 
this story..that is why he gave us the two greatest commandment..First is 
love him above all, and second is love your neighbor as yourself..but who 
is your neighbor? is it literally the people close by to you or your house 
no! it is every man who stands in need or help..and help comes in many 
forms..did you hold his hand? Offer a hand? the majority of homeless are alone. 
none but them selves. ask yourself, Why did she wash the feet of the 
unwanted. Why did he shake the hand of a leper. to bring humanity to them. 
that they are not just objects. but people. who are wanted. but a lone lion 
will never find its pride if scraps are thrown to it. we treat the homeless 
like zoo animals. as though they never had a mother. every homeless person 
was once held as a baby. and loved. wash some feet :) The virtues is kindnesscould we use this video to illustrate the story to some people On March 20th 1982,if someone didn't stop on the road and check my pulse 
and commence C.P.R, I wouldn't be here today.He is my friend to this day.I 
have never given up a chance to help or given up my C.P.R. and First aid 
tickets.I love this story and it should be so for all mankind to help one 
another.xo RThank God for quiet acts of kindness!The first two men were priests and their reasons for not helping him is not 
clear. A theory is that, in that time touching an dead body was unclean and 
the priests being holy men, they didn't wanted to be tainted if the man was 
dead. However, since they didn't even stop to check if the man was dead, 
apparently they valued their untainted holiness more than a fellow man 
possibly in a dire need of help.WON'T OPEN. TEACHER MADE US WATCH THIS FOR HOMEWORK!!!!!!The point of this story in parable is like today. The devil gets many to 
turn their back from one another. As we label 2 type of people. Rich and 
poor. Did Jesus Christ? God? Separated us, because we are different? [ John 
3 : 16 ] [ 2 Corinthians 8 : 9 ] [ Deuteronomy 14 : 23 ] Or to guide one 
another from these spiritual battles? [ Ephesians 6 : 10 - 19 ] On Thanksgiving Eve, I was able to do this for a man. I had an extra cot 
with padding on it. And I had 1 sheet to lay on and 1 sheet to cover him. 
He woke the next morning, said thank you, and departed. "It's everybody's 
first time at TODAY."This is a wonderful video. Very powerfulEL VIDEO DEL BUEN SAMARITANO, ES MUY INTERSANTE, EDUCATIVO Y DE ACTUALDIAD, 
YA QUE EN LA SOCIEDAD ACTUAL SE NECESITA DE GENTE BUENA, SOLIDARIA, Y QUE 
SE DUELA DEL DOLOR AJENO. ES MI INTERES PODER OBTENER VIDEOS SOBRE 
PARABOLAS, MILAGROS Y TODO L OQUE TENGA QUE VER CON LO RELIGIOSO. SOY 
DOCENTE DE SECUNDARIA Y ORIENTO EL AREA DE RELIGION. GRACIAS POR SU APOYO 
CORDIALMENTE RODRIGO RODRIGUEZ Rexactly. My bible school left that part out because they said the children 
didnt need to know about the fighting between them. Till I was 12 I 
believed Samartin was a name for a dr. Only when I learned the truth did 
this story hit me as it should. We have to teach our children all of Gods 
message or they will not understand. Unfortunately, some individuals (I won't go so far as to say Religions) 
would, and do, reject Jesus and everything he stood for, lived for, and 
died for. God bless you for helping this man, "the least of us". Most people would 
simply look the other way. Heavenly Father is watching and will remember 
every good dead. To those who say "acts" do not matter, I strongly 
disagree. Jesus would not turn a blind eye to those in need, neither should 
we. One thing that I know for sure. Is that these Mormons know there stuff. 
They have shown me the Bible like never before, this is pretty epic.I did that too to a homeless man. I went away with a fountain of joy in me 
which I have carried ever since. We were made to love one another rather 
than to love ourselves. He who seeks his life shall lose it, he who loses 
his life shall find it.the poor man i cant believe a man walked pass and a priest as wellthe poor man i cant believe a man walked pass and a pirist as wellA day to the Lord is as a thousand years. The bible said he paid the inn 
keeper enough for two days, and told him that he would return and if the 
man owed anything extra HE would pay him for it. One of my fav. double 
references in the Bible. Since Jesus died 2 thousand (2 days) ago, HE is 
due to come back any day now. God wants us to do the same ... "Jesus said love your neighbor as thy self" 
our neighbor is actually Stranger ... God bless ...!Sadly, in the US, many people who do not share the Christian believe, or 
have lost it, are outcasted on that bases by the faithful. It is often the 
most pious who display the most severe expression of this sociopathic 
behaviour. They fail to detect the ironic, and nearly cause-defying paradox 
that is presented within the biblical context of this parable. Many 
non-believers have exemplary moral standards and values. People can truly 
be good without the notion of a god. It's actually even better than that. The good Samaritan was a Samaritan. 
The man who was beaten was a Jew. The relationship between those two groups 
were very rough, and the Samaritans were looked down upon. Even though most 
of his things were taken, someone familiar with the region would have known 
the man was a Jew.That is, I believe, why Christ chose to use this story 
specifically.There is no religion on this earth that could reject Jesus Christ's life 
and teachings of love and compassion. You know, I was just thinking about what you expressed, and the thought 
occurred to me that when we truly have been "converted" to the gospel of 
Christ, it's no longer a matter of what I feel I "gotta do", but more one 
of "I wanna do". Many wonder, "Why all the LDS missionaries?....I guess 
it's because when you hear the greatest message known to man, you just want 
to share it with all who will hear it! Trying to live life according to 
that message is just naturally the next step.....I think this was one of Christ's finest lessens in not condoning racism. 
The Samaritans were a "mixed breed" of Jews who were generally distained by 
those of Judea. When He made a lowly Samaritan the "star" of His parable, 
He was really saying something of how "God is no respecter of persons". A 
great clip!I love this so coolyour a good man, God bless youI am incredibly impressed at how well this was done. Such a good lesson for 
all of us to love one another as we love our selves Le 19:18@TrickTrolan —Albert Pike. good oneThank you for sharing this video,it refreshes our supposed to be duty to 
man kind@TrickTrolan "Even as ye have done it unto the least of your brethren, ye 
have done it unto me" :)@IndustrialhygieneJRD Fair-ish (Not fair like the Europeans, but moderately 
close) but yeah you're right.@papadonto8 god bless i do that too and with animals@MrA1Goku It's supposed to show that most people are mean and messed up and 
snob those who are in need and we need to be that one person who is kind 
enough to help those in need.. That's the morale of this depiction.. It's 
one of Jesus' parables to his disciples..I think in this parable, we are meant to be the innkeeper and take care of 
his people, and the Samaritan (Christ) will pay us back when he returns.Have I done good on this day?. I know that I did do my best yesterday. But 
today is not over and I plan to do good on this day.It just occurred to me while watching this that the Samaritan had no idea 
what kind of guy he was helping out. He didn't know if this man was a 
thief, or a murderer...he didn't know if the guy would pay him back or 
anything like that. He helped because he saw a need for help. No questions 
asked. I think a lot of the time we don't give change to homeless people 
because we think, "Oh, it's their own fault" Or,"They'll just buy beer and 
drugs." We need to judge less, and help more. Great message!I like the veggie tales version betterI urge you all that when you see a homeless person, give them any of your 
loose change. Money cannot buy the experience i have when i do this:) @brentjones4831 The "gotta do's" are meant to help us become better people. 
They are not merely restrictions for the sake of restrictions. In reality 
when you say that you are "compelled to love our of sheer gratitude" that 
is what we feel. However, we believe that he has given direction in what to 
do once we are converted. We don't earn our entrance into heaven - only 
Jesus' atonement does that for us - we merely follow his dictates so that 
we become more like him.@MrA1Goku Don't quote me on anything I say but I believe the first two men 
were Priests, and they did not stop to help the man for whatever reason. 
The reason it is profound that the Samaritan helped him, is because the 
Samaritans were hated and treated badly. Yet he stopped and help this man. 
It's about loving all mankind and treating others with respect even if the 
world would say we shouldn't treat them with kindness because they may not 
return the favour.@connnorcarpenter I agree. We usually all have a point in our lives where 
we are broken and Christ's mercy saves us. Touching story.@gumpling69 they were jews mostly. jews have fair skin@papadonto8 Your heart is in the right place. Jesus Christ knows that, and 
you will be blessed because of the goodness of your heart. Yesterday, I met a man, a homeless man sitting on a bench in front of a 
drug store. He was sleeping position sitting up. I called him and asked him 
if he needed anything. He told me he had nothing to carry things in. I gave 
him of my money and gave him food. I could not completely heal him of his 
earthly wounds of time and lack of attention. We talked for sometime. I 
wanted to offer him a bed and safe shelter. I could not. I wept because I 
could not do this. Please Lord watch over this man. We truly understand are own worth when we recognize the worth of others.Muy buen vídeo y muy acertado al no poner palabras en ello.Always rewarding to go out of one's way for another by treating them how u 
would want to be treated. 2:39 is he smiling? lolI was wondering ..."why" did the 1st guy and the 2nd pass by and the 3rd 
stopped to help?, Who was the 1st traveler and who was the 2nd ? what was 
the reason for bypassing him?Wow. So immersive and real. Even tactile. This story gets me every time. Are not we all robbed and beaten, laying on 
the wayside, until Christ in His mercy comes along to save us? Love these 
videos!This video makes me feel happy to feel like this man had a conscious and he 
used it to help another while all the others passed him by. thank you.Excelente explicación gráfica, sin embargo, es una parábola con grandes 
enseñanzas para el que las busca. No sólo es para el que ayuda sino los que 
no ayudan sabiendo de las necesidades de los demás... recuerden q uno de 
los que pasaron de lado era Sacerdote... APRENDAMOS DE ESTAS GRANDES 
ENSEÑANZASTruly remarkable workmanship filled with the Spirit. Excellent.Beautiful story, the Savior is like the Good Samaritan, He atoned for us 
when no one else could and he asks so little of us in return. epic.beautifull filmed! but the message of this story is even better ;) God 
bless all of you who have helped people in need no matter who they are Suddenly it works. All is well.Thank you for uploading this. I tried to embed it to our German Mormonwiki. 
Because it is without any language, it also fits to the German Mormonwiki. 
But obviously it is not enabled to embed it. If you change that, it could 
run there. I cannot post here any link to the German Mormonwiki.Thank you for uploading this. its really touched me... A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love on 
another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.good example !!! of a good samaritan ! we must be so !! Ese es exactamente el amor que nuestro Padre Celestial quiere que tengamos 
por nuestro projimo. What a wonderful video. I've heard this story since I was a small child but 
I felt as if the message was speaking to me for the first time.Great video it teaches me to be more mercyfull to others as the Savior is 
to me.