amen and amen i agree it's the truth @jwoo707 Lots of people have good intentions - they're just not good at 
putting their beliefs into words. It's important that we tolerate and 
respect others without being unkind, yet at the same time sticking to our 
principles. It can be hard and we're all learning how to get better at it.This is soo true!!! : ) it really makes me think about stuff. :)Comment pending approvalWhat a great video. i often find myself judging other people, without 
meaning to . I pray that I can be more like Jesus and find less fault with 
those I work with This was very moving. Thank you!@jwoo707 Sorry to hear of hatricism. Sounds like you try to be a 
fair-minded person. In that spirit, I would like to take a moment on 
semantics to point out that the admonition of the Savior was to "Judge not 
unrighteously" and did not ask everyone to leave sound judgement out of 
their lives. What is important is to use measurements consistent with the 
Lord's, and to apply the principles of justice, love and mercy as He did. 
The Spirit will speak to our heart and mind to help us find balance.Where was the video filmed?........ we do this because of our senses sight, touch, smell, hearing, 
taste we rely on these to give us an accurate read on our surroundings YOU 
CANT HELP IT ITS A SUBCONSCIOUS act and 1/10 your church wont want you 
seeing thisSomeone might dislike it because their experiences with Mormons might not 
line up with the messages presented here. I can think of a group of people 
who might feel like members of the LDS church have actively campaigned 
against their rights, and in doing so have judged them. I grew up in a 
mormon family, and witnessed much hate in Utah, and much love and kindness 
as well. Great message though, I hope all who hear it take it to heart.Well done.11 dislikes? REALLY??? What is wrong with these people?? A great message for everyone, regardless of their religion. The music is beautiful but it often drowns out the words of the speaker 
making it hard to hear and understand her righteous message.Great message!why would anyone dislike this??