Gives me chills♥﻿My favorite part of the Momerial Day Concert Is when Katherine Jenkins sang 
this song,
﻿Katherine Jenkins sings this song so beautiful﻿I like when Katherine Jenkins sing You'll never walk alone.﻿Outstanding performance including delivery and interpertation by a 
consumate professional. Thanks for your time. LHiram(Larry)Adams Phoenix 
AZ.﻿And now I want to go watch Liverpool's football club play...

Awesome performance all around. :)﻿Sung too quickly, but not bad, but far from the best performance of this 
song. ﻿Buena interpretación,,,, Gracias K.J﻿Had tears in my eyes. YNWA﻿I felt shivers and am very impressed. Thank you for such beautiful 
performance. Best wishes to All.﻿Too fastLovely liverpoolBeautifulLove love love this!I really enjoy these.I truely enjoy her singing. Such a beautiful voice! Thank-you Kathryn for 
sharing with us all. Rebecca Haddock:)Every rendition of this song has immortalityWhy challenge benign comments??No one (opinion) has sung it like Ariel Bybee.Beautiful song and The lovely Katherine thank yourushed it abit didn't she?First saw her on Dancing with the Stars. She is talented in all that she 
does. Great performance. Hi I recently sang this beautiful song with a welsh male voice choir, I am 
15 and would love you all to view my channel. AMAZING, Beautiful Version.LIVERPOOOOLWonderful voice and a beautyful lady singer ? she is Katherine /Ó!!!!Everything about this is beautiful.Thank you for sharing your beautiful programs & Songs. The Gospel is 
wonderful. Thanks again, B.Lewis, Harris Ward, Gilbert Stapley StakeLovely voice but I think the tempos a bit too fast.Beautiful voice and an elegant version.LIVERPOOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fantastic simply the greatest ---- this beatiful Welsh lady is sent to us 
from god himself --- may she be with us for ever --Wonderful is an under 
statement .!!!!!!!Should be sung a lot slower in my opinioni just found out about her today while watching conference and absolutely 
love her! she has an amazing voice! she is very talented.i just found out about her and love her already! she has an amazing voice! 
she is very talented.I have a request. Think you could make Katherine Jenkins and Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir "I Could Have Danced All Night" ?lindaaa demias All her songsi really like this oooohpraiseWow, Katherine Jenkins has an amazing voice.Amazing !Love it - should be an album & I'd buy it straight away.