I never knew there was a Mormon Olympian ﻿Thank you for your testimony and friendship to a fellow swimmer, friend, 
soon-to-be RM, and my son. Go Cougars. Always represent!﻿Really importantI am glad that he can do well after his mission and compete in the London 
Olympic's.this video teach me to share my time with others thanks andrew 4 
representing our country and bear your testimonyI'm currently working on my papers.......so keen to leave :D I'm from Bolivia ! And that's amazing I wanna go study at BYU! Too I'm at 
Utah right now trying to graduate :)Hes sooo cuteI am an American Boy who is LDS as well as my family. My parents are 
Bolivian and they are awesome. I love being an American/Bolivian person 
knowing both cultures and yeah. I am planning to serve a mission. I wish 
for everyone the best and God Bless. cool bro My parents are Bolivian and I am American... I Love being an LDS 
member. Bolivia!?Mormon Christian success. I am so glad I found this video! I am actually leaving in 11 days to go 
serve in the COCHABAMBA, BOLIVIA MISSION!! Cannot wait to serve the 
Bolivian people and the Lord!! :D I served the same mission! the best of the World, (For me)i am so proud to be an american bolivian and have someone like andrew 
rutherfurd represent my parents country. CONRGRATS!!! im from bolivia!♥ love bolivia41st. he didn't qualify. He has beautiful teeth.Saludos de Argentina campeón, éxitos! Augusto.ANDREW eres lo maximooooo ,,,,,, gracias por hacernos sentir orgullosos de 
ti,,,,,,,fuerza, exitos y muchas bendiciones.He's cute. But that's beside the point:) he reminds me why I want to go on 
my missionLove to see an athlete with a long term perspective.what place did he come in at the Olympics ?conoci ala familia de el en la mision bolivia cochabamba y son maravillososFELICIDADES Y ANIMO ES UN GRAN ORGULLO Q ESTES Y HAYAS LLEGADO DONDE ESTAS 
, PERTENEZCO A LA IGLESIA Y ESTOY FELIZVery proud of you Andrew..This mormon mama uses you as a role 
model..serving God Nd following your dreams..way u goAndrew .... vamos... adelante..!!! Liked! And this is goodWOW!! I'm so proud of him! Going to Bolivia is AMAZING!!! I'm from 
BOLIVIA,La Paz!! and I support HIM!! :Dmormon.org can give you more informationA mormon is a nickname for a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints. That name "Mormon" comes from the Book of Mormon. The 
Book of Mormon is a book of scripture like the Bible, it is "another 
testament of Jesus Christ." I have read the book of Mormon and asked God if 
it is really true like the Bible. I received an answer that it is in deed 
the word of God. @AryanEn its another name for someone who is lds or is apart of the church 
of jesus christ... mormon is just the nick name people gave us.It is true, the people of ancient America and probably other places were 
the "other sheep" Christ spoke of in John 10:16. He truly visited them 
after his ascension into heaven. If you want, a good place to find answers 
to other questions is Mormon.org.Don't feel bad, we all have questions! :) "Mormons" are members of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I invite you to check out 
Mormon.org to learn more:)good job andrew!!! Bolivia supports you!!!! CONGRATULATIONS ANDREW!!Believes Jesus Christ came to America after dying?Good job man! (: proud to be MormonGood for him. As a Bolivian I don't understand how we give chance to a 
swimmer that doesn't live in Bolivia, wasn't born in Bolivia and doesn't 
"train" with Bolivians. I understand if you come to the US to learn, 
practice and then go back to Bolivia, but his home is here, not in Bolivia. 
As he said his priorities are others than swimming. Does he know how many 
Bolivian swimmers would love to give everything to continue their careers 
after a chance in the olympics?.I think is amazing...!!!!:) :)thats the thing, Jabari Parker is only like what 17? he still has time to 
choose to serve a mission. look at david archuleta. he never wanted to 
serve a mission. it was when he was like 19 to serve one. Going on a mission won't stop, but it will put a light on him, it already 
is in sports illustrated and had a huge article about missions. Only when 
those stand for truth can there be any change. If people just go with the 
flow then things will never change. If possible to even start a 
professional organizations that are of equal notoriety as the top dogs 
would be great. Andrew bro. We'll be supporting you from BOLIVIA...you know you rock 
man!!!! Saludos desde Bolivia...cuando compitas recuerda que eres un 
ejemplo para quienes te apoyamos...Go Bolivian team,GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!I don't think Jabari Parker going on a mission will stop Sports being 
played on Sunday. It is tough for LDS Professional athletes to not Play on 
Sunday because of the demand. The only thing a Faithful LDS Pro. athlete 
can do beside competing on the Sabbath is to be a good example. BYU is 
fortunate to not compete on Sunday. Too bad other schools aren't like that.ill make sure to look out for him!!right on dude! I had bro ogltrees class with this guy!Good luck Andrew!!A dynamic duo Both a fish and fisherman Of the US and Bolivia He is an 
olympianI wish Jabari Parker would go on a mission and athletes everywhere would 
stand up to keep the Sabbath day holy & change sports so they stop playing 
on Sunday like that rugby guy did. Too many faithful latter day saint 
athletes who follow the counsel of the prophets won't be able to have as 
much of a lucrative career by lets say not playing in the PGA tour which 
has competition on sunday. We know eternal things are more important than 
temporal and this is a time of probation to prepare 4 heaven