oh my gosh...this lady is so incredible. so honest...so real...so 
vulnerable! love her﻿"That's the moment that the Spirit can speak to us, cause there's no 
pride."  YES, SO TRUE.  
P.S. this woman is awesome.﻿This is such a great piece, I would love to show it in church, but can't 
because it is only on YouTube. Can you please put this stuff on the 
MormonChannel website or the church website as well.﻿I love this woman!! She's such a great example :)﻿This is my AMAZING Seminary Teacher she is INCREDIBLE!!!! Thank you for 
sharing your story﻿I'm so impressed with someone who learns to turn it over to God and access 
the spirit at such a young age.﻿This is so real life. Thanks for this video :)﻿Exactly what I needed to hear tonight. ﻿She is so awesome!! :D﻿I know this message is for women, but I really enjoyed it as a Dad and it 
fully applies to me.﻿This is a sweet story!﻿a great story , I can relate!﻿Its all about your Faith in God, if your Faith is strong you can move 
mountains, and command a sick evil spirit to move outside you and it will 
be done, amen.﻿you asked why does heavenly Father let us suffer, you must always remember, 
I will try, the Faith of my children, amen.. ﻿awesome! I   pray  for the same thing too...  I had a vision years ago of a 
female doe standing gently in a wooded forest watching me.     I knew that 
the character of that deer is what our Lord desires for me. 

  When we pray for these things that the Holy Spirit puts before us,   we 
will face situations in our lives that seem to bring out the opposite in us 
., but none of that is a coincidence.    He permits situations that go 
against our grain in that area, so that we can , through His strength, go 
against ourselves and little by little, that character is then formed 
within us.  We become transformed through adverse situations but the 
transformation is from the Holy Spirit using those situations as "tools" to 
bring out Christ's nature in us..      ﻿Wow! I love how we pray for trials, but the lord knows our hearts, trials 
are meant to test us to become better.﻿I needed this. Thank you. :)﻿This was great.  I had a horrible day as a mom and this made me feel 
better.﻿That was awesome. Husband perspective. Shows our individuality﻿Please more time out for women testimonies!! This one was so uplifting for 
me !! Thank you so much !﻿Thank you :)﻿Great story!﻿so inspiring! thank you. ﻿OMGOSH! She was mine Seminary Teacher at East High!!!! Love you Sis. U.!!!﻿This is such a touching, real look at an amazing woman! I love this! ﻿Love this one. Tammy is so fun and honest with herself and others, I hope 
to be like her. :)﻿