How can I download this video﻿We think bigger than we are in consideration or consciousness of men around 
us in the world... God has a plan just for yourself.﻿Good！﻿Stuart edge is a mormon?﻿It's somewhat ironic for an LDS authority figure to talk about a 
Stanford-based experiment.﻿amen brotha I love Uchtdorf's talks, they always make me think like a German engineer 
or something.I want to give that last little girl ALL THE MARSHMALLOWS IN THE WORLD! :D AMEN! With my particularly Blessed Calling, I kept raising the number of 
the expression, "The patience of 10,000 saints" to higher numbers until I 
finally settled in with saying, "I have the patience of one million 
saints." I've felt that I have too much to learn and too many opposing 
viewpoints to mediate among and so forth.Never give up!Being patient doesn't mean just waiting around doing nothing. It means 
living each day expecting that good will come out of it even if you can't 
see what that good will be. It means acting in faith, hoping that in the 
end (no matter how far away that end is) everything will be worth it.You know, I'm not trying to preach or anything but when I asked our 
heavenly father for what I needed to do with my life, I NEVER got an 
answer. Sometimes you just have to make a choice and if its not meant, then 
your heavenly father will help you and change your direction. He's done it 
for me. He's had to change my direction many times in my life. Your earthly 
father doesn't tell you what to do with your life, but he is there to guide 
you. Just like heavenly father is :)Love this! :)He did tell you what to do. You have always known what is right. It is 
because you made choices that you know are wrong that you feel like you got 
cheated. If bad things happen to you that are out of your control, then you 
have a great opportunity to grow from your trials. A person who has trials 
has more opportunity for growth than a person who does not. Because of the 
atonement, we can always turn towards God, and work towards perfection.he will answer you when the time is right being patient and having a 
sincere heart in him is his way of leading you towards your answer to your 
prayer. There are no promises that patience in this life will bring the desired 
blessing; however, The blessing that we do receive are those that God knows 
we need whether in this life or the next. As difficult as it may be, having 
faith not just in God but also His timing is very important in developing 
patience.Not all of the promised blessings will be fulfilled in this life. For 
instance, I know a woman who was promised children in her patriarchal 
blessing, yet she has never had any, but she knows she will be able to be a 
mother in the next life.Have you never read the Scriptures? For if you have, I think you have 
missed some very important directions. And even if you cannot find specific 
instructons, you must realize that you have agency and can do whatever you 
wish with your life and as long as your decisions are honorable and 
uplifting, you will be blessed. I'm not trying to pressure you into 
anything, but I hope you'll learn to forgive God.and what if you have waited patiently and nothing happens?my name is patience Beautiful Video & beautiful message!!I need to have more patience, great message :)94 people couldn't wait for the second marshmallowOnly the number of people separates a cult from a religion.there is only one reason to be patient, - because a person has to, 
otherwise a person is just wasting time. Good video and fantastic messageI hate it when I tear-up a bit when I watch the Mormon Channel videos. I am 
weak easily moved by the Spirit. Hahaha. But I love it! Although I am not a Mormon (or any particular religion, just follow the 
bible), this is a very good teaching for God Almightywow. just wat i needed to hear !!Great video, but they show the children who were able to wait staring at 
the marshmallow. In the actual study, the children who were able to wait 
looked away from the marshmallow and distracted themselves. I don't believe 
they would have been able to wait if they had been staring at it the entire 
time. To have patience we need to not become too preoccupied with the thing 
we are waiting for. thanks deet....your probably one of my favorite counselors in the first 
presidency in the history of the churchResisting the temptation to eat something is temperance not patience.I see a lot of great comments but I think there is one comment left to 
post. To those who are not member of the church: MY FRIENDS DIETER F 
UCHTDORF IS AN APOSTLE OF GOD, HE RECEIVES REVELATION FROM GOD TO GUIDE US. 
I INVITE YOU TO FOLLOW HIS COUNSEL AND YOU WILL FIND PEACE AND JOY IN YOUR 
LIVES. I KNOW THAT because I and my family follow his counsel too.I find it amazing people believe this- Awesome message, there are questions about the mormon church I was 
wondering if someone would be willing to answer. I'm not going to ask 
anything to be offensive. I'm just honestly curisous about your teachings. 
Thanks.Oh patience. A virtue I am always working on. But I am closer to it, 
everyday. Patience to gain patience.Muslims don't believe in the real Jesus, just like Mormons or JW don't know 
the real Jesus. If they did, they would believe what He said. Since they 
don't believe what He said they are calling Him a liar. Jesus is the 
Creator and they worship a man Jesus created, Mohammad. How can you believe 
in someone and not what He says? Jesus said: “I am the way, the truth, and 
the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me. Jesus is God, Satan 
was created.Wonderful video. Great message.Seriously everyone! the church is so true! i love God the church so much!So true...This just answered my impatient prayer!Here I am annoyed that the video only half-loaded and my internet 
connection is slow. Maybe I need to watch and listen twice. Great message. :) Wow. What he said is exactly the answer I had to a prayer a few weeks ago...i love his talks ;D@GrainerBarn pretty well said!Uplifting;>can you please write back what does mormon mean im serious im not being 
funny ok write back Joachim de Posada gave a TED talk about this only a year prior. I wonder if 
that's how President Uchtdorf came to know about it. I tried that experiment on my 3-year old after hearing about this. Sadly, 
she didn't pass :( Maybe when she's 4.The look on her face when she gets the second marshmallow is PRECIOUS.I often find what is essentially myself in our father the heavenly lord 
jesus christ. I find myself in him and I continue to grow and grow out 
through the godhead. This video uplifts me in a way that I feel rivals what 
I feel for our savior when I see myself in him. All of us should pray like 
this more often. Amen.Who would dislike this! D:I dont get why people dont like the LDS. Have they maby not seen this?@DHotDoll when you exercize faith.I'm almost losing the chance to have the second marshmallow... thanks to 
this video, maybe I can still get the second marshmallow :D@ohsheet86 Well, I guess you should go tell Stanford University that. =)@TheZekeSantos It was April 2010 in the priesthood sessionVery powerful !! Thank you for the inspirational video John muy lindo la verdad @ohsheet86 Think of the principle and not on worldly things, these are 
children who I am sure the nice man asked if they wanted one BEFORE the testI think this video is very nice :) All of these types of church videos are 
super awesome! Even as a 17 year old I enjoy watching this because I know 
what I believe! Not to mention, the church knows how to make awesome videos 
:)Dose Anyone know what and when conference this was?I like the musici m the girl at the end of the video..hahha50 people didn't get another marshmallow.@barter09 He served in a joint service with the west german government. He 
was trained by the US in texas.Thank you to whom keeps this channel and videos filled with the spirit and 
truthfulness of God The Father, Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost and our 
Heavenly Father's Gospel. :) This message brings comfort that even though 
at the time we may have eaten our first marshmallow we can learn and be 
better and also to find patience. It is essentially through the Godhead 
that we can achieve our greatest potential. May we all continue to grow and 
find ourselves in Jesus Christ our Savior amen. :) @eatcarpet Hi:) The marshmallows in this video was probably bigger then in 
the original test. And how a grown up would think compared to a 4 year old 
would think is not the same. (all the 4 year olds liked masmallows alot, i 
would think, otherwise what would be the point of the test) :). And the 
person that did the study could see a difference when i checked up on the 4 
year olds, long time after, in their lives. The children that had waited, 
had better jobs etc. (they had worked harder). :) words to Live byI remember this talk! The overlay of the study was very neat to watch and 
it made me wonder what goes through their minds when deciding to wait or 
not. Some simply played with the marshmallow. Others watched it. This is 
very inspirational.Wonderful message. I just had a lesson in patience this evening. I was 
trying to finish a knitting project. I ended up messing it up and ruining 
the project. I was heart broken. It took me months to knit the particular 
project. I showed a lot of patience with it till the end only to have it 
ruined. *sighs* Even in the most patient of projects even let down can 
happen. It's part of life. But in the process of ruining a project. I 
learned a lot more on knitting than I had expected. :) Good message, but President Uchtdorf was a member of the Luftwaffe, was he 
not? The portrayal of his experience in the military looked like it was an 
American outfit. @eatcarpet For when you get hungry again duh!For crying out loud how could this not be the true church..!General Conferance tommorow! Not religious, and i normally troll videos similar to this, but this is 
actually pretty good.i'm one of those kids eating the marshmallow right away. i know i have to 
be patient and endure to the end, but i can't seem to do that. well, i will 
do my best!Awesome!Thank you lord for sending me this message....I really needed it right now!Great video!But why would you want 2 marshmallows? The one was already pretty big 
enough.Nice background music.....................The kids are so cute! Great video editing!very good talk "never give up"great message!Not much of a marshmellow person myself but if I was to receive 2 bowls of 
ravioli instead of 1, you know I'll be patient :). Good message though. I 
like the Shaytard family on youtube... Look them up and watch a few if you 
like this video.When do we know the wait is not a blind one? and remember folks.....The wise OLD reed bends in the wind. this is a 
saying that I use when I am being tried in different work atmospheres.This message is 'timeless' - the lesson obvious. Thanks you so much for 
another well produced 'film' of a wonderful talk. I hope you guys and gals 
behind the scenes who work on these know how much we all appreciate your 
talents in putting these together with such power! Love this video! We all need to be reminded of this. Thanks!but if she waited even Longer she woulda got THREE marshmellows :P