I'm so glad I watched this. So thankful to know of the strength of the 
Asian Pioneers. :)I see the joy on your face And feel it as my own. In this gospel we embrace 
We are never alone. When I was a young deacon, back in 1962, I wondered how the church could 
spread throughout the world. Especially since we had such huge areas of the 
world that would not allow us in -- such as Russia and all the countries 
behind the Iron Curtain, also China and most of the Asia nations, and also 
India. First the Iron Curtain came down, then we had a temple in China 
because of the Hong Kong Temple. Now, a stake in India. A marvelous Work 
and Wonder!Fantastic video! May the Lord bless and strengthen the members in Asia! I 
witness to you that this church has the fullness of the ancient gospel. Cambodia will be next to have our own stake. What a wonderful spirit these brave people bring with them. Despite 
financial difficulties and strong peer pressures, they continue to serve 
our Heavenly Father. I am ashamed to say I don't give my membership the 
same diligence. These people are inspiring. God bless them.Can we have more of these for other parts of the world?!I'm bummed Elder Oaks didn't go to the Philippines but I am overjoyed to 
see so many members in other parts of Asia and to see the truth spreading, 
even with the difference in religious background in many of those nations 
and having families disowning those who become Christians. This goes to 
show how the Spirit changes us from the inside and hopefully that same 
change will come to those families soon, so these good members won't be so 
alone in the gospel without their families to share it with.Another uplifting message. I am glad that i took some time out of my day to 
watch this so that i could feel the spirit. Asia will bloom and grow like a spiritual giantBeautiful! So awesome! Love to see the strong courage and faith of these 
great people! <2Excellent video and much better than those other 1 minute clips scattered 
everywhere on this channel.this is amazing! I would love to see one covering the members of japan too.As one who served a mission in India, I'm so happy to see familiar faces. 
Hurrah for Israel in India!I was in Korea in 1980 when President Kimball visited and the spirit was 
incredibly strong. It was a witness to me of how God loves all his children 
equally. This is just beautiful to see the gospel bringing joy to people in Asia! 
Their testimonies were very touching. So awesome to see the church filling all the world. When I was a kid, I was 
told that the church wasn't strong in Asia. So glad to hear that that has 
changed. So awesome to see all our Asian brothers and sisters. <3