We need more people like Esther to stand up for what we believe in these 
times and whats to come.﻿Fear not my fellow children of Christ  for our Lord our God our Father in 
Heaven loves you for He shall never leave you nor forsake you so fear not 
my fellow children of Christ for our Lord our God our Father in Heaven 
loves you and always will so fear not.


May the Grace of the Lord our God our Father in Heaven be with you always.




Peace and God bless you all.﻿Beautiful😂﻿Amen :)  We must have courage in order for change to happen..:)﻿I am very blessed to be a Mormon and I hope others are too😊﻿Always stand up for what you believe in! ! God will bless you for that and 
many other things. ﻿I love the music in this video-whenever I need courage I hear it. My son 
was killed by a drunk driver and three years - to the month and day!- my 
husband died from cancer. If anyone knows the name of the music please let 
me know...thank you!﻿Esther was a very beautiful selfless woman, as with the brave and 
courageous sisters in the video.   A good part of Esther's beauty came from 
her courage and faith to follow what she knew was right, in her heart 
risking her life to do it.  The gospel of Yeshua Hamashiach (Jesus the 
Messiah) comes to remind us that if we lay down our life for his sake, we 
shall find it. (Matt 16:25)  Esther was blessed of YHWH (God the Father) 
 who saved her life and the lives of the Jews.   We can learn truths from 
all faiths that follow the Word of God from the Torah to the Old and New 
Testament.   ﻿courage for right purpose will surely wins﻿Great video ! And the actress who plays Esther is stunningly beautiful ! ﻿Even in the 21st century, over 100,000 Christians each year are martyred 
simply because they are Christians.Hang in there sister, It is an asum ride when you start out by following 
what he would have you do. This happened to me over 50 years ago, and to 
this day I know he is still with me, he reaches out to me when I* really 
need his help, when dark clouds lum over me. in an instance his light ( the 
feeling of true peace will come into me and I find peace and rest, then 
continue on the track he wants me to follow. There is a peace like know 
other when he is with you it is truly wonderful "If I really trust Heavenly Father, it really doesn't matter what I don't 
understand" (2:30)Beautiful examples. "Just because i'm brave doesn't mean that i'm not afraid...brave is acting 
in faith".To me, it took great courage to quit my job when Heavenly Father impressed 
upon my mind that He needed me elsewhere. I had no idea what was ahead of 
me. That path was dark, unseen. I also knew that one day I would have to 
then explain why I left a "great" job despite our current economic 
situation. Everyone thought I was making a huge mistake. I still cannot see 
the whole picture but I do know that obedience to Heavenly Father no matter 
how illogical it may seem, has brought so many blessings. Courage is finding the strength to set aside your own fears, sorrows and 
disappointments, because there are others who's fears, sorrows and 
disappointments need your loving attention.I love EstherDear Miss Sarah..............as a fellow traveler, on this earth, a single, 
full time, stay at home dad, of an incredible special needs little girl, 
Savannah, diagnosed with 6 developmental syndromes, that has been "raising" 
my Savannah, by myself, since the day she turned 9 months old. I am so 
willing to stand up, for you and shout, "stand tall" and "hold fast". 
Please accept the following as a special gift just for you, bring up the 
"sullivan ballou letter on youtube God bless you Miss SarahLol, which Mormon did you meet? We aren't all the same! :-D I am only a 
teenager, but absolutely love this church, and I would be lost without it! 
I am honestly speaking when I say that it really hurts my heart, knowing 
that there are those out there that don't know that there is a Father in 
Heaven that loves them so much. I cant imagine the pain and sorrow that our 
Heavenly Father feels for us, when He sees us going through these trials, 
and what joy he feels when we are gladenned! :-DGod bless Esterand with real faith the Lord will be with you and I morn for 
for you with little faith ln our Lord.It's so beautiful and with true faith the Lord will be with you,God bless 
Ester. Ithis story is really inspiringSarah - you are in my prayers!I absolutely love this video. Having faith (at least for me) means letting 
go and learning to trust that everything is a part of Heavenly Father's 
plan for my life. Things may not always work out the way that we would like 
them to - but they always work the way that they need to. Trusting in God requires having faith that he wants the best for you. Even 
if we don't understand him, we can understand that he knows what's better 
for us more than we can.It took all the courage I had to leave the LDS church I loved with all my 
heart. I still miss the relationship I had with my family and friends who 
no longer see me the same, but I know I did the right thing for me.LDS (aka Mormons) tend to be judgmental hypocrites. Small steps in the right direction make a big difference.So true.. Courage is acting in faith- it doesn't mean you don't have fear, 
but you don't let the fear stop you. Push ahead and do what you know it 
right!Keep up your faith! Things will get better, I know it! <3Beautiful Esther had so much and she could have been silent. She still 
would have been a beautiful queen, nothing changed. Instead, she chose to 
stand up to the king in behalf of her faith and her people. Her ancient 
testimony about faith and courage is as true to me and as meaningful as 
these other women's. It takes courage to trust in the Lord and be submissive to His will. At 
first, we may question why or desire things that WE want- things that are 
more convenient for us, things that allow us to stay in our own little 
bubble. However, we will receive blessings upon listening to our Father in 
Heaven and doing what He asks of us."We don't know what the lord is trying to teach us, but if I really trust 
HEAVENLY FATHER, It really doesn't matter what I don't understand..." 
awesome quoteel corage nos hace actuar acompañado con la fe y el amor de nuestro padre 
celestial, sabemos de estamos haciendo lo correctothis is just an amazing video.thank you so much..:)Esther is such an inspiration!I thought Esther was a male until i saw this videoEvery time I watched these 'examples' in this video I KNOW I can be 
courageous. Thank you Mormon Messages for touching so many lives with these 
messages.Wow, I didn't know much about Ester but after seeing this video and 
reflecting on my own life, I realized that I too do stand for what I 
believe, I live it, I love it, I believe it! Courage is a gift when you 
have faith, when one door closes, another opens. Faith is believe in the 
unseen but knowing you are loved and your happiness is an important care to 
God, your Heavenly Father. He wants the best for you and his timing is 
best! I had watched this on sunday in Young Womens <3 Its just so amazing..This reminded me of a song by Ryan Innes: "Courage To Stand Strong" from 
the 2010 EFY album. "It takes courage to speak, it takes courage to know, 
it takes courage to lead and sometimes it takes faith to follow. It takes 
courage to wait when the battle is long, we'll fight the fight and just 
keep holding on, we'll take courage to stand strong." :-)I love how they have a black woman in this video, considering black people 
weren't allowed to become ordaned into priesthood up to 1978...Collin- I was in the same shoes last year. Now I am a very happy & involved 
Latter Day Saint. Pray, be a good example, let your mother know you love 
her no matter what & do what you feel is right no matter how hard it may 
be. I went through with my decision to be baptized & I've never been 
happier! Despite my mom being completely against the idea, she& my 
relatives attended my baptism! I asked my mom to say the opening prayer& it 
was the most sincere message I had ever heard. Have faith, Collin.Standing up for what you know is right..can be hard. But is is never so 
hard as when it is someone you Love, and you know by saying No they will 
probably go away. When it is your child there must be boundaries and they 
need to know the Lord's Way Is The Only Way :-)Just have the courage to face the obstacles, there are days when it's 
hard...I think you might have gotten the wrong message; getting ready for the day 
physically is something they can do automatically and habitually while, 
simultaneously, their minds consider the weightier matters: preparing 
themselves mentally for and thinking about the forthcoming day's activities 
and how they will act in response to potential challenges or trials, etc.It's alright dear ^_^ Pray, ask for what is right. Continue to read and 
study and ponder the scriptures and modern day revelation. I don't know the 
circumstance, but I know God is with you. Do what you feel is right, and 
what God says is right. It will all work out, I promise ^_^ Read this quote 
by the last LDS prophet, President Gordon B. Hinckley - (Type into google 
and it will come up) "It isn't as bad as you sometimes think it is...." It 
gets me through every trial. You are in my prayers!It's unfortunate that that is what you focused on when the message is so 
beautiful. If you have seen the mormon message on forgiveness, it shows the 
man shaving, that did not make it focused on his appearance. I felt like 
they were preparing themselves for an important event. do you not want to 
look your best when you have a big job interview? i'm sure that you do. I 
felt that it was very much the same. In addition, other than esther, the 
women were all dressed cleanly and simply.I have been fighting against depression for about five years now. Every day 
is a battle, some days are harder than others, and sometimes I loose those 
battles. This video has reminded me that even though I have failed 
sometimes, I have continued to fight. Despite the many times I look at 
myself and don't like what I've seen, I have shown courage just by trying. 
Thank you for this video.I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis a few months ago. I am just 36 
years old and I have four children. When day I went to sleep and I woke and 
couldn't move my arm. I was in so much pain I could not describe it. I 
couldn't not even brush my hair and do the daily routine I enjoy doing it. 
It has been a roller coaster ride but with this trial I have learned to 
rely on people and Heavenly Father. Colin, have you talked this over with your Bishop? If you are 18, and 
living on your own, then the choice should be up to you. If your mother is 
against it, and you live in her home, then that makes it much more 
difficult. Talk to your Bishop, if you have not already, and know that no 
matter what you choose, eventually you will be baptized when you are on 
your own.Pray about it...ask Heavenly Father he's there if you feel its right in 
your heart and youve had a confirmation from the Holy Ghost than follow it 
and Heavenly Father will bless you for it...How have I been brave? Hmm. Not sure, lately. I guess standing and speaking 
when a member of the 70 asked for comments. That was two weeks ago from 
tomorrow. I've been feeling like I shouldn't talk in church, and when the 
Spirit told me to stand and speak, I started crying, almost a panic attack. 
I guess we just need to do what Heavenly Father wants us to do. Was that 
brave? Not compared to these women, but when I'm scared, I'll remember that 
moment, standing and having the 70 thank meYou are an adult. If you are still living at home, wait until you are on 
your own, then be baptized.This is exactly what I needed today. Esther has always been my favorite. I 
think I just needed to be reminded of her story. Mormon Messages are the 
best!This Video reminded me how so many - in all walks of life - need faith to 
overcome fears all around us. I love Esther's example (and these three 
modern women). When they were all walking to their 'test/trial' and the 
music swelled there - well, it gave me shivers - I felt I could face ANY 
trail and test that lie before me. Thank you for giving this gift to us.Coline I will pray for your mom to soften her heart. Prayer changes 
things....and it may not change it the way that we want....but it does 
change. I will pray to give you courage to be a good example for your mom. 
It will all work out in the end. In the mean time stay strong and faithful.Thank you...just when I needed a loving reminder that courage is valued 
action in the presence of fear without guarantee of a desired outcome. 
Standing up, facing it, pushing forward, excited to see what God has 
planned.when you watch these you know how much more you need to be to God I am so 
thankfuly for what I have now. Even through I still fight to stay to live 
all of his Coveant and Commandments.. I love where I am. He cares about me.My mom said that she will never let me be baptized, but I am 18. All the 
church members are saying to wait for her permission, but she is never 
going to let me. I don't know what to do.I think the idea was to have each one mirroring Esther, and in her case, 
that was her preparation. It wasn't about going to battle, it was about 
putting her best foot forward,in spite of hopeless circumstances. Preparing 
by dressing in their best, is symbolic of expecting success. (Honestly, I 
think these women display greater courage in facing unseen, untouchable 
dangers, versus than taking up arms against a mortal foe).I needed this today. Thank you Lord for showing me this.This brought tears to my eyes... I hope I can be as courageous as these 
women are.@LillaDalaHast Your a good person. I feel the same way. I hope to have a 
career in politics one day and its hard for me to face people who don't 
share my mormon views. Thank you. Your comment is very uplifting.:)This video helps a lot especially with the problem that our family is 
facing. ,we have faith that my aunt will be healed. ,and whatever 
happens,we trust God's plan. .thanks mormonchannel for the great videos 3It's a wonderfull movie, I hope that inspire many woman in the world, that 
we can have more Esther's between us.This is a great videoGreat Reminder message of Gods Love and the Courage that Faith brings. The 
Music is warm and uplifting and moving....It takes courage for me to be active politically as I try to influence 
lawmakers to make important choices that protect liberty.I've been inspired by so many faithful women of courage throughout my life. 
Thank you for this beautiful video that features the valiant daughters of 
Eve!I prayed to Our Heavenly Father that you will have courage and be healed. 
May God bless you!!! Courage isn't the lack of fear its when faith overcomes fearbeautiful video! thanks for sharing.Beautiful! Courage is necessary in our world. I had courage to marry and 
start a family when my husband was still in college.thank you so much! I needed this today! My disease has come out of 
remission in the last few weeks, and I remember feeling those same things, 
I need to feel that courage again now... Thank you for the reminder, and i 
know that i can overcome ALL with Faith in Christ, and ALL that he requires 
is for my good.