Powerful, Amazing and True﻿ich liebe dieses Video, weil es so viel Dankbarkeit ausdrückt. Danke﻿What true faith---especially then---an unwed mother to be...God truly had 
His hand on the situation....love ilove ilove itlove ilove itlove itI'm not a mormon nor a christian but I have great admiration for the effort 
and love they put in to share that key to truth to the world. I guess the 
"liahona" deep within all latter day saints have been guiding them toward 
what's called righteous and fullness.Savannah is so beautiful ...such a great actressJESUS IS THE LORD GOD ALMIGHTY Beautiful in its simplicity. It brought tears to my eyes.Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with you, blessed are you among women 
and blessed is the fruit of your womb, Jesus Holy Mary, mother of God, pray 
for us sinners now and on the hour of our death, amenBeing a Christian, the bible clearly tells us His name is Immaneul, meaning 
"God with Us"..Do Mormons believe that Jesus is God in Flesh? This is beautiful. I feel touched watching the events around the birth of 
our savior.I have a question. What do we have to be saved from?i have watched these videos more times than i can count. and each time as 
soon as the music starts,i start to cry. these videos are absolute 
perfection. i hope that we as church members are sharing them with one 
another and our friends. could there possibly a more perfect time of year 
to do so ?Amazing video. Portrays the birth of our savior perfectly.thanks for uploadim mormon and i simply love being it The most beautiful story ever told and the reason for the seasonI do to.. It's because in it's simple beauty and understated message, the 
truth rings in your soul and it shows it's joy at the vision through your 
tears. I'm convinced of it.sorryNicewhy did the angel Gabriel said 'The Holy Ghost' well is it supposed to be 
Holy SpiritCaptures the oft-told tale with beautiful sensitivity.I love this!I cry every time i love itme encanta como los reyes magos llegan cuando Jesus ya esta mas grande.. 
algo que muchas personas no lo saben, pero que es verdad :)Great video, However, Mary looks way too american for my liking.This is the truest meaning of CHRISTMAS. Please tell me that a new full-length movie about the Savior, with this 
content, will be produced.Beautiful video, so it fills you with peace and hope tearful thanksTruly beautiful.. I love the scriptures, too.. To believe is to see, to see is to believe.the true meaning of christmas. this is a beautiful story What a wonderful reminder of what we need to be celebrating this season. 
Thanks so much!!!I love this!I LOVED it!Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ! An amazing video! Thanks!Beautiful! One of the best Nativity depictions I have ever seen!You always make such peaceful feeling videos. Thank you.Excellent, Merry "Christ"masWonderful!So far the most accurate portrayal of the early events of the Savior I have 
seen. Most people seem to think the wise men were there at the birth, but 
no so according to the Bible. Great attention to the accuracy of this most 
transcendent event which we celebrate this season.Excellent. This is what Christmas is really all about. The best thing is that He still 
lives today, and we all have the invitation & opportunity to become His 
followers and receive the peace in our hearts that only He can give.For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that 
whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 
Read the rest of the Bible and learn the truth.Truly beautiful! I cried. Thank you for making this story come to life. i am a mormonTruly the greatest, and most needed gift to this world :)There is such a sweetness that surrounds Mary in this video. I appreciate 
her humility and tenderness. Thank you. THANKYOU GOD * ) HELP ME TO HAVE FAITH IN YOU, ME AND EVERYONE WHO IS TRULY 
GOOD. you guys are the bestGreat videos. I look forward to seeing more. It's for videos like this that I long for a "Love" button!Nice video.I love how this video brings out more facts from the Scriptures such as the 
fact that the Wisemen traveled much longer than most think, to find the 
Christ child.This was amazing to watch at the Christmas Devotional. I am so glad that I 
am able to share this now :)Well done!That is the most amazing video that you have made. I felt the love of God 
so strong in my heart. I love my Saviour Jesus Christ - I am eternally 
grateful for his love and obedience our Heavenly Father. He is the light, 
he is the only way we can find true joy in our lives. I know that The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in true! Lisa xThe spirit is undeniably powerful during this video.The reason for the Season. Thank you God, you know our hearts.This is a wonderful portrayal of the events surrounding the birth of Jesus 
Christ. Thank you for this wonderful video. I enjoy seeing the things I have felt 
when I read the scriptures. Thank you. 8')Absolutely beautiful shot at 7:44Fresh new video about the reason for the seasonAwesome!Thank you for this great video, my heart is full, mine eyes are wet :)This is so beautiful!Beautiful... I got chills wow! that is great!Powerful.So beautiful. Thanks for posting! What a wonderful way to remember and celebrate the 
birth of the Lord Jesus Christ.:):D thanks for sharing this... AMAZING!I wish this video kept going and didn't end.May We all remember the Reason for this Season.... Jesus Christ was born 
and Lives!Very beautifully done! I love this.amazing! and guess what?! True story. Thank you for reminding us what CHRISTMAS is aboutWell done! A very beautiful video.awww just seen it :) <3 merry xmas!!!This is the best thing I have seen all week. This is beautiful! I love that the 3 kings came when Christ was a child! So 
well done. I just got done watching this part for the Christmas Devotion:) It was 
amazing!What a Treat to see this tonight during the Devotional <3 Thank You SO Much!