what great faith, before I watched this video I thought that it was hard to 
go to the temple because it is a ten hour from where I live but now I see 
that it is a blessing to have the temple a short 10 hour drive from where I 
live.Aren't "mormons" Christians? Don't they worship Jesus Christ? Isn't the 
name of the church The Church of JESUS CHRIST of Latter-day Saints? 
Remember, "Mormon" was a derogation given to the church and its members by 
enemies; it comes from the book of ancient scripture they brought to the 
world in the early 19th century, "The Book of Mormon: Another Testament of 
JESUS CHRIST." Mormon is the name of an ancient prophet who compiled most 
of the book's sections and included his revelations in it.All you people make me feel guilty. I live in the Salt Lake Valley, I live 
within 20 minutes of four different temples. If I wanted too, I could walk 
to one. It makes me feel happy that there are those of great faith outside 
of Utah.We believe that when you are sealed in the temple, you are sealed together 
forever. So I believe that 4 years was really worth it, so they could live 
together for eternity :) I just went through the temple for the first time last night! One of the 
greatest experiences I've ever been apart of! This story is inspirational, 
and I plan to use the closeness of my temple to my advantage! more than 10 years ago my parents took their 4 children from 9 to 2 year 
old to a 48 hours trip on a bus to the next country in South America and 
visit for the first time the sacred temple.. 4 years ago I got married in 
the temple in my country that was 15 min from my house. I'm so grateful to 
my parents for their sacrifice!Blessed hardout that I live just an hour away from the Hamilton Temple. I 
love the spirit of the temple. I like this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡... alotI want to too.The Temple is a huge blessing. I am fortunate enough to live 30 minutes 
from my city's Temple, unlike those who are miles, even countries, away 
from the nearest Temple. Those who work and endure to reach the Temple will 
truly be blessed to return to Heavenly Father in the Celestial Kingdom.i hope you read all the feedback you've been given :DWhat do you mean? The video "Mormon Temples: The Blessings of the Temple" 
also says anyone is welcome but they must prepare well :) This is a beautiful video. Both in production and sentiment.I love this vid and its message!!! I love the Hamilton temple!!! thats 
where I married my beautiful wife!! we now have 3 children :) Did anyone else click this because for a moment you thought it said Temples 
are Bacon?@abraxsis I'm glad my God provides ways for us to follow his commandments 
so everyone has a fair opportunity to fulfill their eternal potential. It 
looks to me that you have only a partial understanding of the LDS church, 
and are figuratively looking through a dirty window at it. I would 
recommend you clean the window or (even better) step outside, no ad hominem 
intended.Abraxsis, there are certain saving ordinances that we perform outside of 
the temple (like baptism) and those inside it (like sealing). There are 
billions who have lived who never heard of Christ, yet they still need to 
be baptized (and sealed) to receive eternal salvation (see John 3:5). That 
is the purpose of the temple, so those who lived and never had the chance 
to come unto Christ, can still receive salvation.and yet no Christian can enter...thats odd....No, it's not the same animator. I did the HA animation. The church must 
have hired someone else and asked them to copy my HA style. Flattering, I 
guess. I'm getting so many inquiries about this that I've decided to post 
these online to settle the rumors. So ... you believe that without the sealing ceremony, had they lived 
piously their entire life, they would still have been lost? So they labored 
for 4 years, risking their lives, for some sealing ceremony? Jesus himself 
was baptized in the middle of the woods! I'm glad my God exists everywhere 
I am and I don't need some expensive airfare or snazzy building to come 
unto him. I doubt this comment will get posted, but I had to make it.Can't one find peace and overcome temptation with their own power?Beautiful story.Yo sé que los templos son casas del señor, y sé que la apacible influencia 
del Dios Eterno abriga el alma de todo aquel que se acerque a su casa con 
un humildad de corazón. Man those look expensive.Thank you for putting up the closed captioned in this wonderful video. I 
really appreciate it.im pretty sure that the animator of this video is the same animator for the 
Polynesian Cultural Center night show animator (Ha: the Breath of Life)The temple is a place for all of gods children. I love it. I lived in Houston near the Temple and now am a Senior missionary serving 
once a week in the Hong Kong temple. As new missionaries are called to 
various countries in our Area, we skype with them to help them prepare for 
welfare and humanitartian roles. When asked by a couple headed to an Asian 
country "How often will we go to the Temple?" you hear silence when we say 
they might go once during their mission. Many of our Saints are more than 
1,000 miles from a Temple and go once in a lifetime.Two new temples for africa :)over 10 years ago my mom and dad took their 4 kids from 2 to 9 years old on 
a 2 days trip to the temple that was located in the next country.. the day 
I got in the temple, I knew i was in the house of the lord!! 10 years later 
I drove 15 minutes to the temple in my country to get sealed with my 
eternal companion!! I love the temple!We drive about 3 hours to go to the Washington D.C. Temple from Eastern 
Pennsylvania so it is not exactly easy to go very often, usually two or 
three times a year, (and we are anxiously awaiting the Philadelphia 
Temple!) but this is something much deeper. No one told them they needed to 
go to the temple because of the difficulty in doing so but they went 
because they wanted to. I loved the animations, too.This is an example of people with great faith. @kylelovette a few years apart is a small price to pay to be sealed in the 
temple and be with each other for eternity. That might not appeal to 
everyone, but yes, an eternal family is the Mormon idea of what is right. :)If utah we can drive to several temples in minutes. By the 10600 s off 
ramp, you can see oquirh, drapery and Jordan river temples at the same 
time. He is speaking to us to sacrifice more timeThis is a wonderful video. Thank you. For me the sacrifices of going to the 
temple are so small—I have so many so close to me. It's amazing, though, 
how much the Lord blesses you for even the small sacrifices. I love this 
scripture and believe it is true: Mosiah 2:22-24.I am going to the Temple tomorrow. my drive to the new meridian temple in idaho is gonna be probably 5 minutes 
O.OWhat sacrifice. What commitment. What faith. What a blessing to that 
family. I need to honor their diligence by visiting the temple that is a 
15-20 minute drive from my house more often.@jordanhoon I want to know, too. It really sets a mood.I remember making the trip to the Mesa AZ temple, as it was the closest at 
that time, from Dallas to be sealed as a family. Although as a child it 
seemed so far, the trip was awesome. Having 4 temples in Texas now is 
amazing. This work rolls forth.So leave your family for four years and go work in mine to see a temple? 
This is the Mormon idea of what is right? What is the song playing in the background?this is beautifully done!just what i needed to hear, thanks so much for working so hard on these 
amazing videos. Believe me when I say, they make a difference in the lives 
of those who watch them & in the world as a whole.This is a great message. I live within 30 minutes of the Oakland temple and 
never go there enough. Often times forgetting what a blessing it is in my 
life. This is a great reminder that there are always challenges to get to 
the temple but when we put our priorities in the correct order, we will be 
blessed for it. 