i love this video﻿A musical on human equality: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPF3388gFqo﻿Look at how good we are. Jesus said always do your charity so everyone can 
see you so you'll get your reward. Never do it in private.Loved It. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints humanitarian 
efforts are amazing!It is, it really is. Youtube and the internet can have its many good uses.I have seen this video more than 20 times, It touches me so deeply every 
time. it encouraged me to be a better person and serve my fellow men with 
true love and desire. I know service can filled us up in a way nothing else 
would do it. I love mormon messages, when I feel down I take time to watch 
some videos. They are a source of extra sthrengh I need to know what I 
should do, and what matter most at the sight of God. Love you all!!! Good 
night.we are the sons and daughters of god and we act according serve others with 
out payment in return just as Christ would do. 2005 New Orleans the church 
from every stake and branch in Al GA MS went to help out the victims of 
Katrina and a woman herd saying I may never be a Mormon but I will never 
talk bad about them again. Service is are matto we do it every day help 
them in need always.was feeling down and bitter and angry tonight knew I needed something and 
these messages always helped clicked on this one and it change my heart as 
soon as it started! And the more it went on the more it melted my heart! 
reminded me of what I really should be always doing and it humbled me.@brainwrite The leaders do but they aren't sharing it with anyone.I enjoy helping others. This video is a reminder of that to me and that we 
can all do more to reach out and help others.I agree, we should not have to announce what we do, but so many people do 
have the wrong idea of where our church spends its money. Also - what we 
hear is only a fraction of what the church and our members really do.mormon messages has the most enspiring videosI agree omiolo. BlessingsThis past year my family and I wore the yellow Mormon Helping Hands shirts 
and went out into the destruction following Hurricane Ike. My most 
cherished memory of that service was helping an elderly couple who lived 
alone. As we cleared the destruction from their home, the kind grandmother 
fell upon us and wrapped her arms around us and exclaimed that we were 
angels and were answers to their prayers. What an experience.It is amazing what we can do if we put our minds to it.It is so amazing what we can doA part of me loves to hear this, a part of me flinches. I would love to 
keep all these good efforts anonymous but on the other hand, it helps 
dispel the incorrect perceptions of members of the church."by thier fruits ye shall know them" -Jesus ChristI am so glad that the LDS church has a channel of their own now! A true 
light in this darkened place.1:03-1:10 looks like my house after Hurricane Bonnie of 1998. Had the 
Bishop's chainsaw, truck, and straps out there pulling the 120 ft. pine 
tree off the roofBeautiful video.se que es cierto eso, el ayudar a los demas ace que dejes un legado pero no 
es tan importante eso sino la satisfaccion de saber que ayudaste a alguien 
y fuiste un medio.It feels great to donate to the world.Thank you! This video is so cool. It's sweet to see footage from some of 
the area we've helped.Great idea for the church to have these available. I don't know if we will 
ever not be "peculiar," but I think many will recognize the good that we do 
- whether you're a member or not. Mad props!!!Mormons love othersI am so proud of my brethren, I really am.That is right omiolo. I was just on the official church website and i saw 
this link so i decided to look at it. I didn't know that they had their 
account on youtube. I look forward to watching more videos that they post.What better way to show the world Christ's love, than by serving our fellow 
men and women with humility and love?i saw my stake president!!!Matthew 25:40 "And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say 
unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my 
brethren, ye have done it unto me." We serve our God by serving our fellow 
men!