It must have been such a blessing to have the scriptures written in one's 
language and comprehensible to the average person! I have never lived in an 
age when the scriptures (most especially the Bible) were comprehensible to 
the average person because they aren't written in any modern version of 
English (there are some translations that try to offer a more modern 
translation, but they take VAST liberties with the scriptural concepts). 
Sadly, the scriptures are written in an ancient English dialect so 
difficult to comprehend that I could not even understand them until I was 
20 years old. Sadly, as a Primary teacher, I see the same problem in my 
class. When I ask the children to read even a simple Biblical passage and 
then ask them about what they just read, they have no idea what they just 
read out loud. They, like I did at their age, read the words but have 
absolutely no understanding of what those words mean because the words they 
read aren't really their language (the words are ancient English, and the 
children don't understand any more than they would Greek or Latin). It's 
like reading Romaji. They can make the sounds, but so many of the words 
have no meaning to them at all that I have to then explain what the passage 
means in normal English. In my humble opinion, that might be why we have a 
growing scriptural illiteracy. Those who wish to seek wisdom from the 
scriptures often can't understand because that dialect of English fell out 
of use over a century before they were born. This makes cultivating a love 
of the scriptures in the young *far* more difficult. Sure, it'd be a lot 
easier if we had better tools (but the Living Scriptures Dramatized CD sets 
are INSANELY expensive, and the illustrated scripture stories from 
Distribution offer absolutely NO depth, to say nothing of the lackluster 
60s-style pictures), but, without tools to translate the scriptures (sadly 
Google Translate doesn't come with a "Scripture English" to "Normal 
English" conversion), many of our young essentially lack access to the 
scriptures because of the language barrier between "ye olde times" and the 
English of our own day. Without an adult who can translate the scriptures 
into their language, children of today often remain marrooned from the Word 
due to a seemingly insurmountable language barrier. Considering how hard it 
was for me growing up in the '80s & '90s, I can only imagine how much 
harder it is for the "Texting Generation".﻿I need this video in Spanish, may you help me, please? thanks!You mean the church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day saints. :) 
Mormonism/mormons refer to the people. It's a slang word, but doesn't 
really link to the organized religeon. Why is that important? We want to 
focus Religion, Gospel, and "Good News" as they call it, on Christ. But the 
members we can call "Mormon". The "Mormon Tabernacle Choir", etc. But 
thankyou! I also believe that The gospel of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints is the true gospel. :)wow, what an amazing message for all Christians, what a tremendous blessing 
the Bible is, what a gift. thank you for these amazing videos.Thank you, Elder ChristoffersonThank you, I'm going to read the scriptures more.no they believe that God, Jesus and the Holy Ghost are three separate 
divine beings!we absolutely believe in the holy ghost. But we dont believe in god as 
three persons rather we believe in God the Father his son Jesus Christ and 
in the Holy Ghost as three separate and distinct individuals. God is 
literally our heavenly father and we are all his spirit children. We 
believe that we are all therefore brothers and sisters. We believe Jesus is 
our older brother and Gods only begotten son. Mormons believe that Jesus is 
the savior of the world.In the video, he says "...the Father and the Son, as they are revealed in 
the holy scriptures." What about the Holy Spirit? What about the Triune 
God? Don't Mormons believe in the Holy Trinity, God in three persons? My name is david. I am a dentist. I am the father of two wonderful kids and 
the husband of an angel wife. I am a mormon and I love the lord jesus 
christ.@sownindishonor15 The joseph smith translations help a lot. Joseph Smith 
once said the german translation of the Bible was actually the most 
correct, but in English, we use the KJV.If you like the KJV, awesome. I myself find it tongue-twisting.Our modern day prophets and apostles , are truly inspired of God and the 
holy ghost. Listen and heed their teachingsMormononism is the best organized religionI would have not believed The Book of Mormon or had any faith in it if it 
were not for the Holy BibleVery nicely doneI'm glad that the answer I found in a prayer. shall you, too.@ROFLMAOJESUS. Hello, may I suggest you`d read the book of mormon.. Your 
reaction clearly indicates that you have not. This book is as Holy as the 
Bible, you will see it is confirming and completing the Bible. When the 
Bible has lost on its content, by all the different translations and 
shifting scripturechoices in the different years, the Book of Mormon is not 
changed and is therewith as close to the original as possible. Be blessed 
when reading!@ROFLMAOJESUS You will be surprised how much it has to do with the 
bible!The book of mormon is another testament of the bible!i would try to 
explain it but it would be better if you go to mormon.org or go to the 
MormonMessages channel and down below there will be a link that you can 
chat with missionaries if you have any questions!@ROFLMAOJESUS Good question. The answer is nothing.Glad to see the finished video. I am the actor who portrayed Tyndale and I 
would like to thank the director, my fellow actors and the LDS church for 
this oppritunity. @ROFLMAOJESUS Go to mormon.org/book-of-mormon/, it should answer your 
question@roylucier people who thumbed it down are those that are just like you. 
Those who can't stand that others out there have a different bible or word 
of God. It's easy to judge others without looking at ourselves first. That 
being said I apologize for calling you out but hopefully for the greater 
good as we all are guilty of this. We all get caught up in the "My religion 
is the best" boat so if I anger you I am sorry as we all need to be 
humbled, including myself.The more I learn about and study the scriptures, the more I love and 
appreciate all the work it took to preserve them. We cannot take them for 
granted. All the hard work can't go for naught.I endeavor to read the Bible, in it's entirety, twice each year, and have 
done so for the past 4 years now. I have also read the Book of Mormon, 
Doctrine and Covanents, and the Pearl of Great Price, entirely through, 
three times now- as well as reading nearly all of the Journal of 
Discources. I asked God whether the Book of Mormon was true, and whether 
Joseph Smith was a true prophet. God answered me in a definitive way! 
Praise God for His answers to prayer! He gave me a testimony of the truth.It is tragic that Christians killed Christians during the Dark Ages. No 
wonder it was called that. The world was truly "dark" then. Today, 
Christians don't kill each other, but we do judge and fight with each 
other. There is a church today that has been restored and truly 
exemplifies: "... one Lord, one faith, one baptism." The Dark Ages are 
gone, thanks to the light that now shines, the light of Christ. @Shulamitefire Your comment is deffinately Food for Thought!I read the book "Fire in the Bones" and was assured of the fact that God 
inspired good people before the Restoration to seek his truth. William 
Tyndale's claim that a plow boy would know more of the scriptures than the 
Pope was fulfilled in a sincere young man named Joseph Smith Jr.Joseph Smith loved the Bible more than anyone, I bet, so what does that 
tell you!@naincarmona When most have not read through the entire New Testament let 
alone also the O.T., it has always seemed wrong to me that attention should 
be distracted to that which is extra-Biblical. I have no doubt whatsoever 
that the Beautiful God has given to us the Bible as that Standard by which 
He means all other writings are to held to the light of and thereby judged. 
Without a written Standard people err in precept & practice being misled by 
persons' charisma and unqualified say-so.I love this video so much :)Powerful Video. What will we do with this gift?Thank you Elder Christofferson for your insightful talk and wisdom. We have 
so much available right in front of us. And thanks to those who put this 
wonderful film together - it really supported Elder Christofferson's words. 
The visuals and music were outstanding. These 'films' getting better and 
better!There is meaning on everyside to inspire to do good. The standard works 
will tell us all things what we should do. The Lord is Our Light, Precious 
Inspiration.Looks like 9 people are guards at Vilvoorde Castle.This makes me want to go read my scriptures :) I never knew before that a 
man was imprisoned and suffered death for translating the Bible in English 
- it makes me appreciate them so much more.Notice his words, needed more now than in any other time in history. How 
great is it that people worldwide have 24/7 access to the entire standard 
works from the phone in their pocket. Thank you so much Elder Christofferson. Your testimony is true and great, 
it's constructing my spiritual development. Great video. So many people sacrificed to bring us the English Bible. 
Mormons love the Bible and even give out free copies of the King James 
Version. Check it out at mormon dot org!i never knew that of the bible history. Wow. The work will not stop! I love 
it! It continues on!I very much liked this!There are so may that we owe so much!read them everyday, and understanding will be given to you:)Do we sometimes take the scriptures for granted? I know I do. Thanks for 
reminding me of their sacred importance.Great video as always! I have a deep respect for the Reformationists and I 
am glad to be free to read scriptures today.