Light side of YouTube﻿Notice how Thomas said to Jonah, "Without faith, even seeing is not 
enough." This stands out to me whenever I watch this video, because it's 
true.
How many times did Christ perform miracles before the Pharisees and the 
Sadducee, and they continued accused Him repeated of breaking the 
commandments, blasphemy, and to go so far as to say that He worked by the 
power of the devil? (I apologize for writing a long question long this.)
The Pharisees and the Sadducee had no faith, and they rejected the very One 
who gave them the Law of Moses; they rejected their law giver.﻿This video was inspired by the Spirit of truth all Christians should watch 
it.﻿I am more grateful for the Atonement of my Lord Jesus the Christ than I can 
find words to adequately express!!!  I am grateful for His everlasting 
gospel in my life!!!﻿thank you my brothers and my sisters, I am not w  Mormon but a born again 
sister of our  Same lord Jesus.﻿Ahh, I remember seeing this when i was little. Still love it today.﻿this is the restauration that adam and eve losted before because they 
wanted to know this passing life on earth out of the eternity and now we 
are geting back to eternity through Jesus Christ﻿I found this very inspirational.  When it had came to the part when Jesus 
was being whipped, crucified, put in the tomb, and then riesn from the 
dead.  I had shed tears; tears of joy, knowing that He had done this for my 
sake.  That I may receive the power of His atonement.  I do so testify that 
the Savior has risen and was resurrected.  So that we, too, through Him, 
that I, too can be resurrect after my own death. In the name of my Beloved 
eldest brother, Jesus Christ.  Amen.﻿He is Truly Son of Almighty Living God,I believe in Him i have Received Him﻿I have this video , I feel impressed spiritually to do more then what I 
have done , I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints ﻿Tout ce que je l'ai vu, je peux dire que seule la foi en notre seigneur 
Jésus-Christ peut nous sauver.﻿Hey man - thanks for your sincere comment, but after years of study, I 
completely disagree. I find the most profound synergy between all of the 
books of scripture - its remarkable to me. The Bible is actually my 
favorite book of all, and my testimony of it has increased dramatically 
because of what I read in the others. Best of luck!But you shouldn't let that move affect or even touch your faith in Christ.The Bible contradicts itself.As an ex-Mormon, I really love Mormon people, but I found that you cannot 
believe the Bible and D&C, Pearl of Great Price and the Book for Mormon all 
together, they are contradictory. Unfortunately after studying the roots of 
Mormonism and what they really believe, I do strongly disagree with their 
theology because of the Bible. My heart goes out to them. I pray God you 
will open the eyes of many of those who are really trying to seek you, 
thinking they are doing you service.Becuase of this church I have changedi Love You Jesus Christ, i'm always be with you my KING, LORD, God, Amen.When I first saw this video i wasnt a member a church after I watched the 
video I knew the church was true so I'm glad to know I'm with the true 
church and hope one day my parents will followThis video always renews my faith, lifts me up, helps me cope... thank you.Very well done! The quality of the imagery and script(ures) are so very 
real that I easily found myself experiencing these events, and that 
presence held a power to move my heart as well. Thank you to all who worked 
together to make this message so effective!I recently had a conversation with my mother where I told her all my doubts 
and fears, and she asked if I was putting Christ first and knowing that 
Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ know what is best for me, I just need to 
have faith. Then, after talking to her, I was able to find this, and it 
helped me in so many ways, and I feel like we all need to remember that He 
knows what is best for us. I am so grateful for the church, and for the 
wonderful blessings I gain by having faith.Jag kände en frid, när jag såg dettaI really needed this. I've been feeling more and more like Thomas each day, 
doubting and wondering. I fell away from the Church for many months and 
fell into a routine of sin. But I am returning with a real sincere 
gratitude for the Atonement. Were it not for Christ's sufferings, I would 
be suffering instead. Through His love, I experience the most wonderful 
forgiveness and a new chance at life.It made me cry. Most people are like Jonah. Sometimes we are Thomas. Always 
have faith. :)I'm, not Mormon yet and I like this video.WowWe used this quite a few times in the mission field. After all this time, 
it still gives me the chills. Beautiful. I feel like we are all like Thomas sometimes. Miracles can be happening all 
around us, yet we still lack faith that He is therePerfectme too, this is my favorite partAwesomeI always love the ending when Thomas sees the resurrected ChristFantastic video! Everyone should watch this! And contemplate! "Thomas, who 
had doubted, saw the power, majesty, and love of Jesus Christ. Faith in 
Christ will help people to face their challenges."A very spiritual message. My family loved it. Thanks so much.Beautiful!Love this!I think I just found our activity tonight for Family Home Evening. Thanks 
for making it easy, Mormon Channel!