i love mormon girl. they all beauty.well whats the band called so we can look up the stuffs when its done??Because it makes us really really happy. I joined the Church 2 years ago, 
and it's the best thing in my life. This is coming from an ex-atheist LOLc'mon. . . saxophone. . . best thing ever. I love how these comments have 
turned into band geeks fighting who's instrument is coolest, and not the 
actual message of the video ^^Awesome video! It's amazing that your in a group that can relies a CD!can i join?.i play Piano, Cello and Clarinet..and barely learning guitar. 
:D and i can sing too ;) lol Loved the Video thanks for the message :)@KnoxChai lol she can't play them all lolI wanna hear the album :)ALBUM??when will your album be released??? I want one.I am an atheist, but this video is really cool. I love playing piano!These guys' band name is SHRINK THE GIANT. I know their manager. They are 
very busy right now. Their album is almost finished. They're working on the 
last song of the album (#12). It's called "Alive." It starts out with a 
soft alternative rock feel and breaks into a full orchestra (real 
instruments not synthesizers) and choral ending...very epic conclusion 
especially for such young kids on a first album.@gleefreak1117 Because being mormon is awesome! It is the only true 
religion and it brings so much happiness.@gleefreak1117 there's more to being LDS than just being baptized. it's an 
active religion. I don't just say I'm LDS - I live like I'm LDS. and I 
think that's how it should be in any religion. no one should have to 
question what I believe in. I'm not ashamed of it. but I also make sure I'm 
not putting down other people for what they believe in. any more questions? 
I hope this helps. :)(hope this isn't inappropriate): she is really cute :)@gleefreak1117 what do you mean?no tuba or baritone?! psht haters gonna hate@gleefreak1117 well they way we do things in our families are just so 
organized but also were not perfect bc nobody on earth is lol i know i ant 
but i try and being Mormon we keep commandments and keep our bodies pure 
and clean bc we want to be just like Christ. But when u r Mormon u just 
feel things and idk its just so great to be called a LDS (:Mormons r so great i was converted to the church and left the baptist 
church, like the have been such a big impact in my life and how i keep my 
body clean and pure and i do alot of things to set so many examples to show 
not that im perfect bc non of us r but to show the respect for ourselves is 
such a blessing in my life (: whyyy are mormons so big on being mormons ?Find them on Facebook. There album will be done soon. Music samples and 
videos to come soon! They will have music very soon on Itunes! They have a Facebook page, so I 
suggest that if you want updates, "like" them. I already did! Shrink the Giant has a Facebook page! If you just type in the band name to 
the little search box in Facebook they come up. Like the page! Great things are to come for you both, how does someone find this Bands 
music? Love IT !They are kids that will go far in this life. Very impressive. I'm excited 
to hear their album! :) Love their good examples!Stefania Barr and Aaron Hurt and the band is Shrink the Giant.If anyone finds out anything about their album, tell me, please! I love 
this!Uhh...it's ok...I wanna hear their music...do they have any videos or anything with their 
music?itunes??!?!?! Very nice love it I'm glad hat there are song that we youth can listen too 
that don't have to have swearing and foul lanuages!:D I really wanna check 
their songs it's hard to stay holy when the world around you is rotting 
away slowly trying to drive you away for the truth luckly pray is always 
there to help you stay on try !love the gospel!XDgood luck to you guys i hope and pray to the lord you do fantastichey me and my best friend were doing the same thing as you guys! i love it! 
go for it, and maybe we will see each others music someday:)Looking forward to hearing your songs/album.hmm.... cool... she has a good voice..What's the band called?Hey her dad is my seminary teacher!!!I want to hear this album!Is there any place to hear samples of your music online right now?I Like That! If we want to help others, then we our self have to stay in 
tune. It is like the Gospel, we should know what we are teaching before we 
teach it or at least have a Testimony to share with others as we grow. God 
BlessHow cool! Good for them! Thanks for the inspiration! :) music really helps me when i feel alone and thanks for thisI would love to hear their music! I salute those parents who teach their children good values. Ok I give. At time 0:17 they both give their names. Can someone pick out 
their names. I am having a hard time. I would like to know so I can look to 
buy their album. Anyone?this is legit!All of this is so true about music and about the gospel..I exactly feel the 
same about music.. thank you for posting this.. very inspirational. Stay in 
Tune!!! =)Most music experts would say metal and classical are two of the closest 
related genres of music from a musical point of view. keep up standing for what you believe in!!!