la pintura ?﻿Although I am not an official member, i go to church every sunday, I often 
to missionary discussions, i read my scriptures everyday and pray each day 
and I live the gospel. I am 17 years old and my parents are basically 
anti-mormon and it is the most difficult trial i have ever had to face. My 
mom told me i can't go to church anymore and we often argue over our 
beliefs. Its been hard but i know that good things will come and we will 
both be okay.﻿"Don't you quit. You keep walking. You keep trying. There is help and 
happiness ahead. Some blessings come soon. Some come late. And some don't 
come till Heaven. But for those who embrace the Gospel of Jesus Christ, 
they come. It will be alright in the end. Trust God, and believe in good 
things to come!"﻿Dear God, 
I have tried my best , but if today I lose my hope, please tell me that 
your plans are better than my Dreams.﻿That is just it; isn't it?
Believe implicitly, in good things to come: that is really what God is all 
about.
Reminds of the 13th Article: "We believe ... all things; we hope all things 
... and we are speaking Benevolence and good throughout that article﻿This is my favorite. In every time I watch this, I am always given comfort. 
Same video but different revelations each time I watch. I thank God for the 
people who were used as instruments to create this comforting and inspiring 
video. ﻿so beautiful ,,I am not a Mormon But I always welcome the Elder and sister 
to my house ,give them some food and water ,, I welcome any Church to my 
house only those they believe in Jesus,,one of the sister give me a cart 
,,and is said He lives,,so I start looking for it,,and I watch some little 
video and I love it is touch my heart ,,sometime I cry cry ..thank you for 
all this beautiful video Mormon Channel ,,I LAND SO MUCH ,,God bless﻿I think we all feel like just sitting down and not go another step  but in 
the end we must stand and march on into our future.  Have faith and hope 
and good things will happen if you look in the right place.  Your parents 
both here on earth and in heaven are cheering you on.  So, don't stop 
walking.﻿I believe that something really good lies ahead of the road. Sometimes it 
is hard to see it clearly but faith does help!﻿I really needed to hear this today. Good things will come.﻿what a beautiful message﻿I love these messages. They are positive and spiritually up lifting. ﻿That was the most beautiful thing in the world. I needed to hear that.... 
man i cried like a baby how embarrassing ﻿I needed to hear this.﻿I cant help but saying how amazing these videos are. Sometimes i have days 
where i just feel bleh, and the first thought in my mind is 'mormon 
messages'. I love my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ so much and i hope to 
meet him one day and i have a strong testimony of him. Keep on doing good 
everyone. God will help you when you need it. Life may get hard but love it 
anyways.﻿When a fellow gets in a jam, he certainly feels very uplifted if there is a 
way to find help... and hope.﻿I know in my heart there are good things to come...as my faith, prayers, 
and service have grown...so have my blessings...﻿Holland is pretty powerfulfrom a Catholic ....Amen to that! NEVER EVER QUIT!I needed thisYup!i really needed this even tho i have watched a billion times already lol 
love this messageIt reminded me of a story someone shared in Elders Quorum yesterday of 
moving him and his family in an old RV that needed quite a bit of engine 
work. Every so often he would have to stop and tune the engine and keep 
going. Eventually the RV quit, it wasn't going anywhere. After all the 
tuning and work he could do, he had given his all, he knelt and prayed and 
got it to start, and got that thing doing 60 uphill. The next town they 
came to was Grace, Idaho.Oh the dodo guy. This is what I needed to hear, especially since my sweetheart of 15 years 
moved out this past Saturday. Always come on here to listen to this message, it uplifts you whoever you 
are. Remember everyone to Keep Walking, Keep Going, Things will get better. 
The Lord will guide and help you whenever you stand in need for it. Take 
Care and let us enjoy this talk!Elder Holland, once again you have touched my heart! You are an answer to 
prayers! I love you!Love this talkI think all of us can relate to this talk and I know there's help and 
happiness ahead.Have you ever had a major problem and then you think its all fixed for a 
little bit but then the exact same problem comes up again time and time 
again and you just think things are never going to get better? Elder 
Holland is saying not to give up even if you have been in that same sad 
spot multiple times before because it will get better if you trust in God. 
And yes, most people would not quit from their car breaking down but this 
is a metaphor for the greater heart aches in life.its his story, and it happens to be his very own experienced, and he is the 
man who walks 3 miles or so...i meant he himself never quite! :)What's wrong with that? ;)Beautiful!The story is about himself Jeffery R Holland. He made it to Yale, graduated 
with two masters degrees and a PhD Appointed Dean of Religious Education at 
BYU Then became the President of BYU And in June 1994 he became an Apostle 
of the Lord Jesus Christ. Few men in this history of the wold have been 
like Jeffery R Holland. I CAN'T JUST STOP CRYING REMEMBERING A SITUATION HAPPENED TO ME NEARLY THE 
SAME AS THIS.so what happened in the end??this made no sense. What does the message have to do with the car stopping 
at 34 miles both the times? there was no struggle,he just went to get help 
3 miles away. i dont see most people quitting on that...It is such a blessing to be a member of the true Church of Jesus Christ.I love it that No video in the Mormon Channel has ads on them, because they 
don't want to make money on these videos, only to uplift others.Watched this in institute today. Exactly what I needed to hear. <3One of my favorite talks of all time. I can relate to the frustration that 
the father and husband had with his car and how it affected his family. The 
reason this video hits home to so many individuals is because everyone can 
relate to the various struggles in this life. "Don't you quit, you keep 
walking, you keep trying . . . there is help and happiness ahead . . . 
Trust god and believe in good things to come." I needed this a lot... A tender mercy from up above at this time in my life.I am in a situation in life at the moment where me and my wife struggles. I 
am so blessed to have watch this and to remind me that blessings does not 
come all at once. All we have to do is to embrace the gospel and keep 
trying and don't quit. Thanks for prophets and apostles that we have today 
to encourage us through hard times.HEY YOU I CAN UNDERSTAND YOU,VERY-GOOD!IM A MORMON ASWELL&I HAVE SUFFERD A 
LOT,THAT MADE ME THINIS THAT ALL?NO-GOD CARES FOR ALL OF US&SO DOES JESUS 
CHRIST A CARE FOR US ASWELL!IM SO HAPPY TO BE A,MEMBER &TO BE 
A,MORMON!(PEACE)! Hi,yes ive had a ,very difficult (bast-life)Detencen center,in 
HOLLYWOOD-FLORIDA&BAD MEDICATION!IVE SUFFERD A LOT&MY HEALTH IS GONE,BUT I 
STILL BELIVE IN A BETTER LIFE!AND YES IM A,MORMON&MY BELIFE GIVES ME 
MUCH-MORE!I SAY THIS IN THE NAME OF,OUR BELOVED JESUS CHRIST-AMEN!youre RIGHT!This brought tears to my eyes. I have not cried in years. This is exactly 
what I needed. Heavenly father sure does know best.Should a drove a Chevy ;) haha jk, Good video. Really spoke to me...DONT U QUIT. U KEEP WALKING.U KEEP TRYING.THERE IS HELP & HAPPINES AHEAD. 
Thank You Elder Holland. for ur words. for i know how hard life's trials 
can be at times. i do trust god my father in heaven. i trust my savior as 
well. and i know being a single father with 3 kids it can be really hard, 
but i also know in my heart how blessed i am for doing my call in earthly 
life in caring & providing & teaching the true gosple of jesus christ of 
latter day saints to them. This is refreshing to my soulthank you so much This is exactly what I needed to hear at this very minute. Thank you so 
much for creating this videos and uploading them, they are impacting the 
world with tremendous force and actually changing lives.if only i could just spen one hour talking to jeffery R Holland, truley a 
hero to me. its impossible to not gain a stronger testimony when hearing 
him speak.i love this video i have seen it so many times right when elder holland 
says Don't you quit you keep walking you keep trying i want to bust out in 
tears i can feel the spirit so strongThat guy looks just like Mitt Romney. D:COOLThanks this really helped me today help me to keep going thank you!!This is one for the best talk That I have hurt!!!!! Thank You Elder 
Holland. I know that God answer our prayer when we listen to him. for those who need blesings i recomended thisHow true! Keep walking, it is true - help will come! I suddenly lost my wife 4 months ago. I was the one chosen to stay with our 
4 children. I know Elder Holland's words are true. I trust in God, good 
things are to come as I embrace the gospel of Jesus Christ.A beautiful message!Thank you Elder Holland. Our life has been so full of challenges and 
difficulties. We will do a better job at forever looking skyward and 
putting our trust in the Lord."Don't you quit, you keep walking, you keep trying . . . there is help and 
happiness ahead . . . Trust god and believe in good things to come." These 
are words that we all need to hear. Thank you, Elder Holland, for sharing 
that testimony with us.what a great reminder about my daily journey towards my goals. Dont give up 
and keep trying no matter what, keep trying, thanks for sharing. wonderful heart encouraging.wonderful heart encouraging Thanks to Elder Warren who show me this video...I found myself there...I 
had a damage vehicle , I had the love , the faith, and the spirit but the 
wrong vehicle.....My video...I have learned so much from this video. Thanks for posting it and sharing 
the Gospel and making people, in this moment me, feel a little higher.i am proud to be a mormon Thank you for sharing this! I've needed this lately!It is impossible not to feel the spirit when you watch this. 