These are the words that I needed to hear. 
I'm so grateful for prophets and their loving kindness and guidance that 
they give to all who listen. They are truly called of God.﻿I love it!  One of the greatest talks.  Also, one of the greatest jokes at 
the 0:50 second mark.﻿Why do we always try 2 complicate our lives??? Time. This IS a fantastic 
talk. ﻿Se non capisco la lingua inglese che commento posso lasciare?.....﻿very wise counsel﻿I love this talk! I know your not supposed to pick favorites when it comes 
to apostles, but if I had to pick a favorite I would choose Uchtdorf <3 ﻿I agree that TIME is showing our great love to our love ones.....thank 
you President Dieter Uchtdorf for this great talk.﻿What a wonderful feel good talk. How blessed we are to have leaders like we 
have.Correct, Pretty funny too. Amen.This apostle of Jesus Christ is absolutely amazing. I love him.Pretty Awesome Guy. Love to listen to him speak more so than the others. :D what a great homily, were reminded of the important things in life, to 
simplify, to appreciate, to hold close. this are lessons i need to learn 
and to apply. Probably the talk that made me laugh the hardest but also one of the talks 
I considered very personal. Very timely message in this day and age where 
it is easy for us to be dragged every which way (I know my schedule can do 
that to me).My favorite talk of the whole conference and very well said the things he 
said #AWESOME Die Simultandolmetscher haben wunderebare Arbeit geleistet. Bravo, weiter 
so!I love this video a lot I learned so much from President Uchdorf.... I felt 
the Holy Ghost and I was amazed at the things he said.... God Bless You 
All.... LDS all the way!!! LOVE IT simply beautifullMy favorite talk of conference! President Uchtdorf seems to be really in 
tuned with what we need to hear. This was a very needed message.I listened to this 3 times in a row, to get the message in. beautiful 
simplicityI love the pilot talks too:-) My job is very fast paced, never realized 
that it can make my life fast paced as well. After this talk it was a great 
reminder too slow things down, take a step back and just enjoy the things 
that God created for me.that was definitely the talk that i needed the most out of Conferance, 
Thank you President Uchtdorf :)His talks are always relevant and everyone needs to hear this talk.My favorite talk from the first session! :DIt's great that President Uchtdorf can have a laugh with the fact that he 
always talks about flying0:00 - 1:10 great ROFL moment at my house! I love Uchtdorf AND all of his 
airplane talks! :D