I would love to see more videos like this! We need to strengthen our faith in Joseph Smith, Brigham Young and the 
Prophets!I am sure it will happen during the millennium, during the 1000 years on 
Earth when the Lord is our leader. That's when all faulty temple records 
will be straightened out, and when billions of people whopse naes could not 
be found during life can choose to do their own temple work. I am not 
telling women to wait for that time, bur there are some of us who it is not 
physically possible to get married now, so we will have the chance in the 
millenium. My siblings and I were raised in a Christian home by a divorced mom & our 
maternal grandparents. Our mother did not re-marry until she was in her 
late 60s (in 2004) - less than a year after I was married to my second 
husband. Although her marriage was very short-lived (18 months when her 
husband suddenly passed away), she felt blessed to have finally found a man 
who loved her and cared for her in the short time they were together. We 
all loved him & we miss him b/c he was so good to our mother.I am a single women in my 50`s. I don`t tell my self it will not happen, we 
must have hope!discoqueendivas is correct you cannot be married in heaven; you must must 
be married on earth and have that relationship sealed by one that holds the 
same keys as Peter did in New Testament times for the bond to last into 
eternity.@thermionic1234567 y dices bien ,allá no se casan ni se dan en casamiento, 
ya que ningún matrimonio se realizará allá, ya que ésta ordenanza se debe 
realizar en ésta vida, no en la próxima.y si no crees que los matrimonios 
existirán después...¿como explicas que Dios mismo casara en matrimonio a 
Adán y Eva ?...no sabes que las cosas que Dios hace no son temporales, sino 
eternas?...el Matrimonio lo decretó Dios para el hombre para que se haga en 
esta vida,pero que sea ETERNO.@thermionic1234567 I'm sorry you must not know what your talking about. Try 
to do something more productive with your time. @discoqueendivas There is no marriage in heaven. Read the Bible.WOW great leader