meu senhor e minha vida﻿I love jesus﻿Music please!!??﻿its so sad to watch him suffer how he died on the cross for us to save us 
from sin though him we can be saved he is the Light to show us the way 
believe in the Lord put your trust in him God Bless﻿dude, this is cool﻿Great vid! Really hart-warming, made my friend, vrMoNeY, tear up a little 
bit. Also really helped with my school work. Thanks guys!﻿ITSMAUNDYTHURSDAYTODAY﻿Party was brilliant 😃😄.


﻿I love it﻿0:03 what is that man touching ﻿If the washing of the feet is suppose to be so sacred why are the Mormons 
showing videos about it.﻿From the bible videos of the Life of Christ 
 The Life Of Jesus Christ - LDS - Full Movie - Best Quality...﻿The Life of Jesus Christwhat's the title of this film? thank you :)when was the first before the end???He's going to come very soon.Just be patient and wait :)"I have overcome the world". What a line. Sorry to burst your bubble..but Jesus is now a king in heaven and we are 
not worthy enough for him to appear to us.who is God actually...Jesus? As per knew Jesus is only a MAN..... Think 2,,,I wish Jesus was still alive so I can see his face :,( . It's rare if you 
see Jesus now.wow :) he's doing this just .. perfectly ! :)It's sad what happened to Jesus after this.In God we TrustPresent day communion!What makes that even more amazing is that He knew that He would soon be 
alone, tested and pained in a far greater degree than they would. He knew 
that one would deny Him and one would betray Him. Notwithstanding that He 
knew all that, He was filled with compassion for them and spent His last 
night not preparing Himself but serving and preparing others. i want the background song! where can i get it?good Just discussed these events in Seminary this morning. One of the more 
interesting moments in Christ's life. Still blows me away Judas did what he 
did, and I'm always captivated by Peter's desperation to prove to everyone 
he's committed to Christ. May we show, just as desperately as Peter did, we 
are committed to Christ as we love and serve others.As GOD loved his disciples...he loves us all...May GOD bless all of us & 
forgive us our sins...and bring us all to ever lasting life...AMEN! This is a powerful scene...let us remember what the Lord has done for us.I'VE SEEN THE VISION TEPHEN SAW IN ACTS 7....... Blessed are those who 
Believe and live His Eternal Gospel❤ I Love Jesus He Our Hero And Savior Of Our World ❤❤The Savior loved his disciples so much. You can see His concern for them; 
he knew they were about to be tested and feel very lost and alone and 
that's why He was trying to comfort them and prepare them.Goodness... the music sets this up so perfectly... (chills) love it!I like this video, I like it a lot.Great SceneMY MOTHER ALWAYS LOVED THIS AS I DO. 