I love the teachings of the savior they are so powerful i cant describe it﻿that's our hero﻿i got baptized on last sunday﻿This was a good video god is so real he can move every thing﻿Baptism is symbolic. Jesus coming into water and out of the water is like a 
dead or dying person being brought into a new life. Jesus is the renewal of 
all things. So you can picture the whole world, people dying every second, 
going to the abode of hell and dying in hell; these are the ones who are 
being renewed in Christ. Coming out of the water means being renewed. 
People are dying and being renewed. This gesture shows us that God 
conquered all evil. We are recipient of the light, true, and knowledge of 
the Trinity. See how the tree gets its everything from the soil, we are the 
same to God as the tree is to the soil. We only need one God, because there 
is no other one. If we need more than one, there would be a disharmony in 
our soul.﻿I got baptised yesterday to my spirit feels clean ﻿I'm giving a talk for an 8yr old today, what a glorious day it will be for 
this little child of God. I am honored & privileged it will forever remind 
me of my Covenants I have made with my Savior Jesus Christ.﻿Jesus baptized﻿What is getting baptized and why do you do it? I'm a Muslim. ﻿Getting baptized on Easter so excited!!﻿I am getting baptized on Saturday!!﻿Out of all the re-enactments online for this - this one by far is my 
favorite.  I am getting baptized next Sunday.. At 44 years old I must say 
it will be a big moment as I put some baggage to rest and become reborn to 
serve.﻿Jesus is Lord, and became human. was baptized by John,for us to 
FOLLOW.Baptism means cleansing,renewal of our faith with God.Jesus even 
asked John d Baptist to baptized Him.All that happened to fulfill the 
ScripturesThe subtitle is way of in the Swedish translation. The text is before the 
sound. (Text 0:19, sound 0:34)If it's good enough for JC, then it's for me too to be IN CHRIST and become 
a Christian, a little annointed one, follower of The Anointed One.IMMERSION not just a term - yes in water - it's purpose in Acts 2:38 
(forgiveness of sins and reception of Holy Spirit). More details in 1 Peter 
3:21. Immersion is translation and baptism is transliteration of the greek 
work baptizo which means to plunge, submerge completely down into or below 
surface. Email me for more details.i got baptized. last weekno better feeling than the Holy Spirit. Why I didn't know the middle east had white people from the UK in Jesus's 
time wowIf Jesus is god incarnate in human form, why would he even require baptism? 
He's god for Christ's sake!––said to be holy, perfect, divine, 
unchangeable, etc.AwesomeWhen I was confirmed and given the gift of the Holy Ghost it really felt 
special........and all the blessings that was said to me was fulfilled.No; he was referring to the cause of the original poster's feelings rather 
than the source of the voice. I've forgotten what this felt like. I can continue to remembers because of 
the lord's attonement. :')He refers to Christ as "his beloved son". It was the Father. Just to clear 
up the confusionjesus and john is more like brothers because they had a desame faceme too.Great videosThank you Jesus, Savior of all, for thy infinite love! Hallelujah forever! These are great comments. God bless youMy children and I are getting baptized tomorrow.. I'm so happy!one of the best treasures is hugging Him :)I cried and God and Jesus has gave me the Guidance to Know I must read the 
bible everyday I know the 10 commandments So I'm Starting fresh Thank you 
Lord I have seen the Light thank you for your Son Jesuspowerful lesson for all. we are all baptized to fullfill the Father's world.I am getting baptized on the 29th of this month at canyon ridge church i am 
really exctied about my day, this video is the best one to watch thank you 
so much for postingJesus is my Everything i NEED!!Baptized is goooood feeling God lovei agree this video, but Christians are not long hair..read 1corenthians 
11:14 for clarification. I wanna get baptized too. That would be my number one Christmas gift!!!I especially loved seeing everyone's faces and the joy they must have felt. 
I can feel the love.If you would like to find more about baptism, go to Mormon.org and you can 
request missionaries to come and teach you about the restored Gospel.I have expressed the desire to get baptized !! I cannot wait!poor christians ... worshiping a human.. and making god a combination of 3 
totally diffrent pictures.. i hope you get better my friendsi am glad the church is doing this. It sends out a positive message from 
mormons. Makes me think of when i got baptised last november. Best feelings 
in the world.i want to know the name of this film .. please . The Holy Ghost is literally God. It is his spirit.How come the words of the ordinance are COMPLETELY different from how they 
appear in scripture? Baptism here I come!I wanna get baptisedI think that's the Holy Ghost.I really enjoy the actor representing Jesus. The small movement of his hand 
onto John's arm when the Father begins to speak fills my soul for some 
reason of which I am not presently aware.@kimsmithboy This is a video in a series of viseos depicting the life of 
the Savior. It is being produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints as a gift to the world. More are being produced each 
month.There is such a reverence in these videos. I could not hold back the tears. 
These videos give the feeling of what it might have been like to have been 
there. I am so grateful these videos were made. They are so well done! 
Jesus is the Christ and my Savior!whats the name of this movieThat is incredible. It honestly fills my Spirit.Check out the link in the description. You can watch and download the 
videos from this series there. nice This was so gentle and quiet, so beautifully shot but not overdone, that I 
was not distracted from the miracle that took place on the river Jordan two 
millenia ago and I really felt the power of Christ's love for each one of 
us. PERFECT!Jesus is the Christ!AwesomeThis humbles me..