0:32  God has a body of flesh and bone???﻿I know my Savior lives! I know he died & was resurrected, & has a body of 
flesh & bones. He died so that I to can, & will be resurrected to return to 
the Father & Him. HE LIVES & Loves me!﻿God bless to all my brothers and sisters. Have a wonderful easter ﻿God bless you all my brothers and sisters:-)﻿i dont agree with mormonism but i cant disagree with this﻿That's really Jesus﻿They did the same things, took the same steps. And now know the savior, god 
out father and the Holy Ghost! Wow!Is it not just the most amazing thing to scroll down and see testimony 
after testimony after testimony. So many people who accepted the savior a 
invitation and sought to know himI know that these men are true prophets and apostles of Jesus Christ. I 
know it with all of my heart. Jesus' true church is on the earth today, The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. These wonderful feeling you 
and I get from watching these videos is the Holy Ghost testifying of the 
truthfulness of Christ and his gospel and church.Would you like to more about God? I was where you are right now, and I can 
share with you my feelings too-- please email me monyabonbon@cox.neti cant wait till he comes again i love this church!!!!!!! JESUS CHRIST LIVES.....he is the way to our holly father....he walks beside 
us every day... we are so blessed... have faith this is true ...amenYo, te invito a hacer de rodillas una larga oración donde tus palabras: I 
want to have the faith that the men on these videos do, salgan evocadas 
desde lo más profundo de tu corazón con un sentimiento de amor, luego, 
podrás sentir un espíritu de paz que te hará sentir que es la hora de 
entrar en el reino de Dios y perseverar hasta el fin. Asi sea. Mauricio el 
Mormonyou can have that kind d faith if you pray earnestly to know GOD for 
yourself. go on the website and order a free Book of Mormon, read it 
prayerfully and ask GOD to know for yourself whether or not it is true. He 
will answer your prayer and it will change your life. I testify to you that 
I know this to be true because that's what I did and I know that the Book 
of Mormon is another testament of Jesus CHRIST, that He lives and loves us 
and paid for our sins so that we can return to live with GOD!!He came, and he will come again. The truth of his gospel is restored, the 
keys of the priesthood are on the earth again.He lives! I love him and I know he listens to our prayers! When you pray 
and you have faith he will open up the windows of heaven and bless us with 
more then we can imagine just by a seed of faith. Alma 32 is awesome! I know that my Redeemer lives! He lived a perfect life and died to give 
everyone of us an opportunity to repent and return to him and our father in 
heaven one day! I love the words of the apostles and prophet testifying of 
the truthfulness of our savior! Oh how I LOVE the Easter season :)I am a Mormon and I know that the Savior these men bear witness of are 
true. These men are special witnesses of the Christ. If you are interested 
in learning more, find the missionaries. Of if you want, I can see if I can 
get their information for you. They are worth listening to and can answer 
questions you may have. I totally agree with you, it would be awesome to 
have the faith that these men have...it's what I strive for.:)Dear JESUS, I will not worry about tomorrow because I know You will protect 
me and provide for me. Please by my shield to prevent me from suffering or 
give me unfailing super strength to bear it. I am at peace because of You. 
When I have anxious thoughts and imaginations, I will say, "The Lord is my 
strength and my shield. My heart has trusted in Him and I am helped. He is 
not only with me but in me, and I in Him."Amen! I am a modern day apostel and I just saw him standing under my 
shower. He uses Head and Shoulders...The reason Jesus is so special is that because He suffered for all of our 
sins and not just our sins, but every single heartache, insecurity, and 
pain of every kind be it emotional, spiritual, or physical. The reason I 
believe this is because I have felt that tremendous love from Him. I know 
He's there because I can feel Him with me. I can feel that incredible love 
He has for me. I treasure it dearly and the feeling of His love is 
something I truly hope you can find for yourself.I Love our Savior Jesus Christ... this video makes me weep...Jesus is the Incarnate Son of God who has always been Have faith in this crazy world.An hold Jesus close too your heart ;0) We 
are close too him coming in days ahead.May you bless.Jesus is so special because He has perfect love for all of us - you and me. 
He loved us enough to give His life for us. Heavenly Father loved us enough 
to let Him. I believe in God because I prayed and asked if He was there and 
He answered me. I've felt Him and seen His hand in my life. He's there for 
you, too.jesus atoned for are sins with out jesus we wouldnt be able to return to 
our father in heaven he provided the great power of repentance why i 
believe in god well thats because i know he does i have faith i read the 
book of mormon i pray to him if you obey his commandments pray to him 
reppent and ask if he is real you will get the same answer as have i go to 
mormon.org and also read the book of mormon and bibleOf course HE lives!!!That's a very good question. Jesus Christ was not only a spiritual child of 
God, like we all are, but He was also a literal, or physical, Son of an 
immortal Father - a quality that gave Jesus divine power and attributes. 
Jesus' mortal mother allowed Him to be subject to the pain and temptations 
of mortality. This parentage allowed Jesus to fulfill His mission on the 
earth, which included teaching His gospel, establishing his church through 
His apostles and disciples, and ultimately sufferingbecause he is our savior and he was perfect he did not brag and if jesus 
didnt die for us we would not have the ability to repent we would lead o 
darkness read the book of mormon please and pray it will help u understand if we are all gods children why is jesus so special? and btw let me ask you 
what makes you believe in god? Great testimonyAmen!Jesus is the Christ. And though I fall every day in varying degrees He 
reaches for me. Praise to God and The Lamb!Jesus is so handsomeHi, you have great faith my friend He is the way, the truth and life!Really He answers all prayers. I feel so good that through His ways i ve 
come to know Him. He is merciful and if someone follows His orders,He takes 
on the course of his life. This is great and beautiful.Yeshua the Christos praise himI thank my Heavenly Father for inspired men of God and for their testimony 
of His Son!I know that Jesus Christ is our Savior and our Redeemer. He is God Son. He 
has touched my life in so many ways, and in my darkest hours, he has not 
left me alone. It's awesome being Mormon and having these sort of feeling after a clip 
like thisWe like you too .;)I don't know what mankind could have done had He not said "Here am I, send 
me". In Him I know that the gospel is actually a liveable lifestyle. 
Despite our weaknesses He has said He will never leave us nor forsake. He 
came and showed the way, not just a how-to manual and good wishes. I owe 
Him everything and I own nothing, not so much as my own body (yet). I, too, 
someday will see and feel the prints in His hands and can raise my voice to 
praise the King of Kings, my god, Saviour and Redeemer.In church today I expressed how I know He lives. I also told a story of how 
I felt the Spirit touch my heart during sacrament meeting as the entire 
congregation sang "I Know That My Redeemer Lives."@nightcrawler511 Yeah, because it's not the "Mormon Church," it's the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day SaintsJesus Christ does live, he is our savior and friend.Jesus Christ is truly the Savior of the world, and He loves each person 
individually and specially. These men are inspired prophets that testify of 
Him. I love to hear their testimonies.@nightcrawler511 Yep. Mormons are Christians. The real name of the church 
is The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.@nightcrawler511 What a shock eh? The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day 
Saints talking about Jesus Christ. Who would have guessed? All kidding 
aside, please do stick araound and we can talk about Jesus together.I learn that faith without works is dead. And its a duty to pray in Jesus' 
name. So lets just working on good habbits and good intentions. Be honest 
and true to self and to others.. this is a mormon channel but this is a video about Jesus ....He is the way and the light, drop the doctrines of man that divide the body 
of Christ. Its about the people, not the steeple. God Bless Hebrews 12 
describes the picture on my channel. Enjoy!2 Nephi 25:36 "And we talk of Christ, we rejoice in Christ, we preach of 
Christ, we prophesy of Christ, and we write according to our prophecies, 
that our children may know to what source they may look for a remission of 
their sins." Don't you love that scripture? We rejoice in Christ.Jesus Christ Light my heart and my lifebe blessed all of you in Jesus name Happy Birthday my lord.@RandomMan800 that is correct. well said. to many of us humans see gifts as 
the most important thing around christmas. its funny how CHRISTmas, the 
word christ appears in the name of christmas and still people are blind not 
to recognize the power of god. people also dont understand that the feeling 
of christmas that everyone loves if god. god is love. its funny how many 
signs god shows us all each year and each day. peace and love people.@schnucklefutz Please, don't give any support or relevence to the 
anti-sites. They are either ignorant of what we believe and think they do 
God a favor by persecuting us, or they are EX-members who are bitter and 
are "kicking against the pricks" of their own conciences. So many of the 
ex's do what I heard someone say before. "They can leave the Church, but 
they can't leave it ALONE". This is true, so pay no creedence to their 
mis-directed cause.If you dislike this, may god have mercy on your soul. Jesus died to save us.Wonderful videoI love you Jesus loves you.These guys are just repeating what they read in the bible. If I were a 
muslim I could stand up and tell you that Allah is great because I read it 
in the Quran. That doesn't make it true.@guidedbythespirit As a Mormon, I believe that Jesus Christ is my Savior. 
He died for me, and also for you, and took upon Him our sins. He loves us 
more than we can begin to comprehend. I cannot deny being a Christian, 
because to do that is to deny my Savior. How could I possibly do that, 
knowing how much He loves me individually? I do not claim to be 
Evangelical, because I'm not. However, I love my Savior, the Lord Jesus 
Christ. As such, I will always proudly claim to be a Christian.What movie is it in the background?My soul was racked with the pains of hell, but Jesus rescued me and because 
of his everlasting atonement i am able to be whole again. I can not express 
how grateful i am for this wonderful church and Jesus Christ who is the 
cornerstone. Please, what movie is it in the background?Savior Jesus!We preach of Christ, we rejoice in Christ, we glory in Christ...why...so 
that our children will know who their Savior is... Dont have the exact 
reference but a Book of Mormon prophet named Nephi said that 550 years or 
so before Christ was born... We are Christians because of that, though we 
don't agree with the vast majority of the Christian denominations that 
believe that only the Bible is necessary. It certainly wasn't necessary for 
the Christians that lived in the days of the Apostles. @jglws12 If your in a dark place, then pray. Even in our darkest times the 
lord is with us, you just have to keep faith that he's watching over you, 
and this is happening to you for a reason. God and Jesus will always 
forgive you if you really repent in your heart<3 I've been through those 
bad times too.Just been watching the news broadcasts with the Baptist preacher pastor 
Jeffress. I'm from the UK, and have never heard of this man before. After 
just listening to several news clips of him, and then coming here, and 
watching this.....it just moves me to tears. How can anyone say that 
Mormons are not Christians?? Only the prejudiced!love JesusI like this.@victhekid1 yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaIt's such an indescribable feeling to know that our Redeemer lives, it 
brings warmth to my <3. We be believe on JESUS CHRIST!very true.. he hears and answers our prayers in love.. Jesus is my joyJesus Christ lives and will always come to the rescue of his lost sheep. 
"Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden and i will give you rest"this jesus guy sounds cool There is no greater honor and happiness then to walk with Jesus. I really 
pity the atheists and not for the fact that one day they will face God as 
that would sound to clichee in a sense but because they will never know the 
JOY we feel when we belive in him and feel his love and comfort every day 
of our life. They ask as how do we know he is real? Well i don't know about 
you but for me its the joy in my hearth any time i think of him. May god 
bless you all.@jglws12 through His atonement, you can leave all those things behind 
you..I didI'm a believer all my prayers have answer amen@jglws12 man isnt that the truth.. ive been running for so long, but at the 
end of each day I still have this tug at my shirt.I am a believer! I know that my redeemer lives and I love him with all 
heart. @davidlittlejohns If we read in the bible the account of Jesus' baptism, 
Jesus answers John when questioned: " to fulfill all righteousness". 
Matthew, Chapter 3 verse 15. Jesus i love you <3 :')no matter what i do bad in my life,drugs and all the other stuff, I ALWAYS 
FIND MYSELF COMING BACK TO THIS VIDEO , THE HOLY GHOST HAS NEVER LEFT ME 
AND I NO JESUS CHRIST LIVES @davidlittlejohns to "fulfill all righteousness." Even Christ was subject 
to the law of covenants. Without covenants and ordinances, no man, no 
matter how good, can enter the kingdom of God. Gratefully, we believe in a 
God of mercy, and he will give all of his children the opportunity to be 
blessed by covenants and ordinances, even if they must be performed 
vicariously. This was a brief answer- if you have more questions, feel free 
to message, me, or go to mormon.org, etc. God bless!HE IS THE KEY TO YOUR LIFE but many of us forget about him@SuperFailage yh all good thing are sent from above, so thats God 
influencing you in these ways even though you may fee you dont deserve to 
be closer to him, He loves you anyway and wants you to become closer to Him 
always. Pray to God and confide in Him @jglws12 You can, through the atonement of Jesus Christ. He is ready and 
willing to help you at all times. Its a hard journey to repentance, but He 
will sustain you and help you every step of the way. I'll be be praying for 
you. :) the seed has been planted, By the grace of God that seed of faith will 
grow. Pray to Jesus, pray to the holy spirit for elightenment and trust the 
lord with all your heart. I had a similar experience as you about 6-7 
months ago and now i'm in love with God.@SuperFailage JESUS CHRIST does exist , and i pray that all those who have 
doubt may come to know him and experience the love and grace he has given 
us, thanks be to GOD.Share your faith in Jesus with everyone. MORE SOULS NEED TO BE SAVED!!!@luigi6554 i like mormons