This is such a good video. But I always wonder, how did our spirits come 
about? When we are in the eternities and we can have more children, do they 
come from a different pre-mortal life? I wish to ask these and other 
questions to Jesus Christ when he comes again.﻿Remember the words of Nephi, a book of mormon prophet - showing we fully 
believe in grace “For we know that it is by grace that we are saved, after 
all we can do” (2 Nephi 25:23) 


And now, remember the words of the master "Not every one that saith unto me 
Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth 
the will of my Father which is in heaven" 

Please remember mercy cannot rob justice... Remember the words of James 
"Faith without works is dead" James 2:17

Throughout the scriptures, we see in the many parables and words of Our 
Lord, that he expects us to serve him and others in love and righteousness 
- & all this because he loves us (Consider the parable of the talents, the 
parable of the wise and foolish virgins - indicating to us that now is the 
time for us to prepare to meet God.) but because no one can keep the law 
perfectly, and we all fall short of the glory of God - and because no 
unclean thing can dwell in his presence... It is by the grace of his 
atonement - we are saved, but after all we can do & enduring to the end... 
The savior made that very clear 

I know this is his true gospel, i know the plan of salvation was created by 
him- and it shows his great love and mercy... in the name of jesus christ, 
our lord, amen.

﻿"And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and 
Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent" John 17:3

We are here to prepare to meet God and to become like him, our perfect 
Father in Heaven.... To do so we must gain experience through tests & 
trials, make righteous choices through it all - proving ourselves to him... 
we must come to truly know him & his plan for us!

I know this is his true gospel & that all the truth is restored, I know 
through it we can come to truly know & understand the nature of our Father 
in Heaven and his only begotten, even Jesus Christ... in the name of Jesus 
Christ, amen :) love u all

Learn more about Our Father & Our Savior, and their great plan of happiness 
for all of us here: http://www.mormon.org/
﻿"If ye love me, keep my commandments" Grace is recieved after all we can 
do... 

﻿EFESIOS 2 8Porque POR GRACIA habéis sido salvados por MEDIO de la FE, y 
ESTO NO de vosotros, sino que es DON de DIOS; 9No por obras, para que Nadie 
Se Gloríe.…
 Tito 3:5 El nos salvó, no por obras de justicia que nosotros hubiéramos 
hecho, sino conforme a su MISERICORDIA, por medio del lavamiento de la 
regeneración y la renovación por el Espíritu Santo,
Romanos 11:6Pero si es por GRACIA, ya no es a base de obras, de otra manera 
la gracia ya no es gracia. Y si por obras, ya no es gracia; de otra manera 
la obra ya no es obra.
2 Timoteo 1:9quien nos ha SALVADO y nos ha llamado con un llamamiento 
santo, no según nuestras obras, sino según su propósito y según LA GRACIA 
que nos fue dada en Cristo Jesús desde la eternidad,﻿God promised us eternal life before this world began. When we choose to 
follow our savior Jesus Christ and his plan.

2 In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the 
world began;

(New Testament | Titus 1:2)


13 And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from 
heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.

(New Testament | John 3:13)﻿Well said!﻿this makes me feel very very good in side﻿Not hardly , God:s  Gift is eternal life, Jesus  is the way Truth  Life No 
Man comes to the Father  But by Me Jesus said.,  Jesus gave us freely His 
gift of salvation no one can earn it or no man is good enough in his own 
righteousness , only through the shed  Blood of Jesus .Ephesians 2 8-9
 ﻿i believe in this ﻿now we are all meet dead from this universe,everyone suffer,but our hope to 
wait God's kingdom, It will bring joyful and peaceful life.
revelation 21:1 to 7 words says that about the eternal life. ﻿"Nature shows us only the tail of the lion. But there is no doubt in my 
mind that the lion belongs with it even if he cannot reveal himself to the 
eye all at once because of his huge dimension." Albert EinsteinYou have no idea how wonderful it is to hear this type of response from 
non-LDS people. You are a breath of fresh air. Too many times this type of 
video is treated with hate and disdain from people of non-LDS faith. God 
bless and may he be with you in this sacred journey of your life. And if 
you ever find yourself with more curiosity, remember you can check us out 
at Mormon.org or LDS.orgOMG I gets it now... God is for people to hide behind. God is a pillow. It 
protects people from the sharp blades of reality. And God people are just 
too wimpy to face the knives and fight. I am so glad for you! Continue down this path. :)Incorrect. Works are an aspect of faith, and faith are an aspect of works. 
If one is missing, the other is corrupt. We need both faith and works 
because they are two sides of the same coin: If one has works but not 
faith, you are blind. If one has faith, but not works, you are a hypocrite.Proving ourselves to him?! Really?! No one is good not even one. Luke 
18:18-19, mark 10:18, Romans 3:23 Our righteousness is like Filthy rags 
Isaiah 64:6 So how to we become clean, by believing in Jesus. Please read 
Romans 3:24-... We cannot boast in ourselves because God is the one who 
gets all the glory. He saves us, not us. (we are saved by grace), -For by grace are ye saved THROUGH FAITH- 
Ephesians 2:8 .... ok through faith go to James 2:17 -Even so faith, if it 
hath NOT WORKS, is DEAD, being alone- also look for verse 26.. could u save 
when your faith is dead ? God doesnt ask for riches or works of the world, 
He asks for repentance, obedience and worthiness because salvacion is not a 
cheap experience and He love us and ask for our strengths. that is what we 
believe! i dont want to fight just clarify our pointPlease read John 7: 21-24 . We are saved by grace not by works...i don't know, no one knowsWhy don't other protestants or Catholics believe that as well? To me it 
just makes sense. "God's plan for us.. to find happiness by gaining experience getting a body 
and by proving ourselves to Him." "For we maintain that a man is justified 
by faith apart from works of the Law." Romans 3:28 - If we base our 
salvation on "proving oneself" we're lost, only Christ could satisfy the 
Law. "Therefore, having been justified by faith, we have peace with God 
through our Lord Jesus Christ" Romans 5:1 - We can't earn salvation, it is 
a gift. Let our works be motivated by love not duty.I consider myself christian, but not mormon. However I believe we lived 
with God before we came hereWhen we die. We don't know when we will die, that's why we should start or 
continue to live the one true gospel on the whole face of the earth.Thank you for this video. It is very, very well done. I felt the spirit 
testify of its truthfulness many times and this is one of those 
experiences. Very well worded and done. Those who don't think this church 
is true, Please reconsider. It is true. I know it is true, and you will 
have a chance to know if it's truthfulness either here in this life or in 
the next.Jesus is one with the Father in purpose and will, but not as the same 
being. In John 17:21, for example, that's not what being one means. So, he 
is both our older brother and our God.When will it happenThis is the truth and I´m so happy to know it. I want to share this 
knowledge every time, this is the purpose of our lives. I am so thankful for the Plan of Salvation. Cory, in a short video you have to be brief in your explanation of things. 
Christ was the first person to become immortal and eternal. He was 
resurrected never to die again. Lazarus was brought back from the dead, but 
he was not made immortal. Years later, he would die again, once he is 
resurrected the way the Lord was, the way you and I will be, he will never 
taste of death again and be allowed to live with God again forever.Mormons believe that a spirit gives life to the body... I suppose it could 
be said that Christians do believe in a dualism of life. A spirit that 
gives life to the physical body. They believe that we are spirits, housed 
in physical bodies...I love the Lord's words in Matthew, "Not everyone that saith Lord, Lord, 
will enter the Kingdom of Heaven, but he that doeth the will of my Father 
which is in heaven." the only work Mormons believe in doing is following 
Jesus Christ. They believe that if they accept him, then his Grace will 
save them. No one can work their way to heaven... It is the gift of God, 
but even gifts have to be received. Mormons believe in accepting and 
receiving Christ's grace... as the narrator says... HI Cory, Resurrection is different that being brought back to life or 
raised from the dead. The bible teaches that Christ is the first fruits of 
the the ressurrection. Paul writes a letter to the people of Corinth. In 
the 15th chapter of 1 Corinthians he talks greatly of the resurrection of 
Christ and how he was the first to be so. Resurrection is the reuniting of 
the the physical body and spirit forever. Lazarus later died...Christ 
Lives! Brought back to life is different than resurrectionI'm glad you're of an open heart! People like you are like a diamond in the 
rough! Too many people are so bitter agianst things they don't agree with, 
but you're awesome!I'm sorry, but I think you're confused. Lazarus was brought back to life, 
but he was not resurrected. Lazarus died again later on, but being 
resurrected means we will live forever and our bodies will never have to 
deal with injury or imperfection again.That's an important point, Cory. "Resurrection" as in "Jesus was the first 
to be resurrected" (and as many religions define it) is a state wherein the 
person returned to life will never die again. On the other hand, Lazarus, 
Jairus' daughter, the widow of Nain's son and other individuals 
miraculously returned to life by Christ would eventually again sicken or 
age and die. Jesus as a resurrected being, like you said, fully perfected 
his Godliness--and would never die again. Beautiful :)Ressurected with an immortal body.When we say resurrection we mean from death to an immortal state with a 
perfect body. That made Christ the first. Those people that Christ brought 
back to life was brought back to mortality. I know this church is true, and if you desire to know truth as Peter, 
Joseph Smith, and every other member of Christ's true church does, you can 
ask the missionaries at Mormon.org and they will show you how. They will 
not, and nobody can, force you to believe. But if you do ask, I promise 
you; God does not lie, and I have personally felt, in first private then 
public, in the truth words of "let him ask of God, that giveth to all men 
liberally, and upbraideth not" James 1:5-6 Moroni 10:3-4wanted to do, rather than what God wanted them to do. I came to understand 
that the members, and missionaries, did not want to convince me with their 
words, or trick me into believing what they believe. They didn't try to 
scare me, or convince me, instead they taught me that God loves me, and 
desires me to have faith in Him and his son, Jesus Christ. They taught me 
James 1:5 and taught we can ask God to know truth from the Holy Ghost. I 
have a testimony from the only irrefutable source on earth.I love this video. Last year, around this time, I was at a point in my life 
where previously I had only heard negative things about 'Mormons' saying 
they were polygamists, and a cult. In the months leading up to June of 
2012, I learned the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints believed in 
things I had already perceived to be true, but was never taught. I learned 
the truth about the difference between the true church, and churches posing 
as true LDS churches, for the sake of doing what THEYChrist wasn't the first person to be resurrected. He Himself, because He 
was Just as much God as He was human, resurrected people, such as Lazarus...I meant now not noNo this makes a whole lot of sense.You know, I don't entirely agree with what the narrator said. But I am 
happy to listen to this and understand what Mormons view." I can accept 
this and my heart is still open" evolutionVery Similar to islam :)We can not work to gain Gods love theres nothing that we can do to earn 
Gods favor or prove ourselves because we fall short of the glory of God. 
The book of Romans say there is nothing but hearing believing and recieving 
his love. His works of kindness turns us to repent change of heart. Heputs 
his good works in us to do his work witch is love one another. One of the 
friuts of the spirit is love.This sounds good and all but you can not work for something freely given. 
You don't have to prove anything to God to gain his love . He didn't say he 
died on the cross for thoughs who have to prove theCan anyone ever really prove that god exists? Im just curious...ppl always 
say its in the bible...but the bible says something different every 
year...how do we know who wrote it?I'm fascinated with Mormonism, Plato's philosophy has clearly taken its 
hold.. I don't want to be seem as some player-hater here but in all 
seriousness; we don't HAVE bodies, we ARE bodies, surely? Do Mormons 
genuinely believe on dualism?I am very greatful of both the Bible and the BOM. The Bible is important, 
but there is much missing from it to gain the fulness of the gosple so we 
have our BOM companion. Lost Scriptues: The Bible Ex. 24:7 Num. 21:14, 
Josh. 10:13, 1 Sam. 10:25, 1 Kgs. 11:41, 1 Chr. 29:29, 2 Chr. 9:29, 2 Chr. 
12:15;13:22; 20:34; 33:19, Matt. 2:23, 1 Cor. 5:9, Eph. 3:3, Col. 4:16, 
Jude 1:3, BOM: 1 Ne. 13:26; 19:10 , 2 Ne. 29:12, Ether 15:33 D&C: D&C 
107:57 Pearl of Great Price: Moses 1:41; 6:5 What constitutes a good choice? Is it something that can provide sustained 
(which implies stability and health) happiness without harming others?Elijah didn't die, if you remember in the scriptures he was taken up by a 
chariot, or in other words he was translated. Moses like wise was 
translated, the writer who finished the book of deuteronomy knew only that 
Moses was gone and so assumed that he had died, that the Lord had buried 
him, and that no one knew where his grave was. We know that Moses was 
translated. The Lord knew Moses mission was not finished and would be 
needed in the future.what is your question?Abraham 3: 24-25, "And there stood one among them that was like unto God, 
and he said unto those who were with him: We will go down, for there is 
space there, and we will take of these materials, and we will make an earth 
whereon these may dwell; And we will prove them herewith, to see if they 
will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God shall command them". 
Scriptures says otherwise. He may be omniscient, but he still wants to see 
if we will so what he commands.No it's not. Eternal spiritual life, with a resurrected body, after 
physical death on Earth.This is a beautiful video! what about the bible ?yes this a great videoWhy did Jesus Christ come to earth? To live a perfect life, to die and rise 
again for US. By ourselves, we are never worthy enough! Romans 3, for ALL 
have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. Christ died for us- THAT 
is why we will go to heaven and NOT because we deserve it. Apologies. "Alma 14" should have been "Alma 13."Rom 3:10 As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: There is 
no fear of God before their eyes. This video is just a quick sketch of life and what we came to the earth 
to.do this video helped me to understand the plan of salvation better.This was a really cool video. I love the way they explained gods plan.I am sorry my friend but you do err. The scriptures do say "where there is 
no knowledge, there is no law", therefore one cannot sin in ignorance. That 
protects children and mentally ill, etc.It does look like an oxymoron when you think of death as an ending, which 
is the way most of us think of it. But just as we believe birth was not the 
beginning, just a doorway to mortal life, we believe that death is also a 
doorway to the post mortal life where we continue. The body and the spirit 
are seperated temporarily and will be rejoined in the resurrection... Jesus 
Christ was the first one to be resurrected in order that the gift of 
resurrection be offered to all.If you take the time to ponder this concept, then ask God with a sincere 
heart if this is true, He will reveal to you that it is true. When I first 
listened to the missionaries introduce this concept of life to me 39 years 
ago, my mind opened and I immediately knew that they were speaking God's 
truth! It put all of the puzzle pieces of life together for me and I now 
feel more connected to my sweet mother who had died 12 years earlier. She 
had been waiting for me to know, what she knows now.I know this in my heart and soul and with every fiber of my being, to be 
true. It makes perfect sense to me and puts all of the puzzle pieces of 
life together again.Is there a Spanish version of this video?I like it too! Wonderfully said!I will add that with these bodies we learn about opposition. I am grateful 
for the amount of opposition in my life, because only through trials, I 
have been able to become stronger, know myself better, and develop 
attributes that will allow me to return to my Heavenly Father. Life is not 
easy and it was not meant to be. Only through the obstacles we will grow to 
our full potential. If you don't lift enough weight, your muscle probably 
will never grow, and boy, how it hurts! No matter how much He knows us, it is important that, through agency, as 
you said, we prove Him we will do all the things He commands to us... like 
Abraham did. It was not an easy task to sacrifice his own son, and yet, 
Abraham proved God he would do His will. In His immense wisdom and to 
fulfill the requirements of justice, God allows us to exercise our agency 
freely. We choose to follow him or to don't, but ultimately it is us the 
ones who decide.Read the book of Mormon together with the Bible and you will have double 
the opportunity to do the same! :)