Anyone know the background music? ﻿Merry Christmas! I am lucky to know many wise men like these who still seek 
Christ by serving others. May we follow their good example. Just today 
alone I witnessed 3 random acts of kindness by others towards a stranger. 
Thank you for inspiring me and confirming my hope in humanity & God.﻿Oh to be wise and to be wiser yet and share our wisdom with others.  What a 
marvelous season!﻿Grateful for the birth of the Savior!﻿You shouldn't waste your time with people who don't care about your 
nonsense.mormonism is an absolute deception.... sorry to see the enemy using self 
righeousness to attract people without knowledge of the truth. Trust the 
Word and nothing concocted by the lie of the LDS anything. My heart is touchedThis is GOOD It is 100% related. I am a member of the church. This video reflects the 
teachings I have been receiving and that have blessed my life so very much. 
It totally is in the Spirit of what the church teaches about Christ and our 
fellowmen. Unlike so many of the distorted "teachings" from people not from 
our church who profess to know what we believe in, and totally distort the 
church's message.I am glad you do! Those who follow Jesus Christ, such as yourself, will 
feel in their hearts, by the power of the Holy Spirit, that these video is 
true and inspired by God. It is so hard to believe how many people clicked the dislike button,yet, it 
is of no surprise in the world we live in. If you believe in Christ, no 
matter what church or religion you belong to, you will find that these are 
the words of Christ. If you believe in Christ, you will believe in these 
words. All good things come from God, especially if they invite you to 
follow Him. What a wonderful, inspiring video! It motivated me to go and 
seek those in need in this very moment!there´s a spanish version of this veideo..? thanksMay the spirit of Christ be with us always....this reminds me of the new york cop who gave his boots to the homeless 
man...alas the homeless man said he kept the boots in a safe place because 
he was afraid of getting robbed out in the street.Has this video been translated into Italian?Time to step up my gift giving this year. The church is my life... and I Love....<3This truly is the reason for the season"it's the borther or sister they once viewed as a stranger"I love the silent moments of reflection that led each one to listen and be 
led by what their hearts were telling them to do. In this noisy world 
filled with distractions, we would do well to pause, be still and listen a 
little bit more.@Quagthistle but scripture teaches if another man or even angel comes 
telling you of another gospel- let him be accursed ; and even says there 
will be no god formed after the God of the Bible, and there was not one 
formed before- so what is it you believe?This is related because this is what we believe. That Jesus Christ is our 
Savior and Redeemer and that we strive to live as He would have us live. Mormons believe in *all* scripture, including the Bible, which tells the 
story of the wise men bearing gifts for Jesus. Nevertheless, if you want a 
Book of Mormon reference for the video, try Mosiah 2:17, which reads, "And 
behold, I tell you these things that ye may learn wisdom; that ye may learn 
that when ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the 
service of your God."I really enjoyed this video.Love it turely touched my hartBeautfil heartwarming and other thing nice!Even know i'm a Christian, i still really enjoy these videos. Thanks! I think the coolest thing about this video is you can turn off the sound 
and the message is still clear. Wonderful story! Happy New Year everyone. What a lovely way to bring it in, and what a 
great resolultion to keep. Let this be a year of service for each of us. 
God bless each of you.How is this Mormon related?That was an awesome video! Definatly warmed my heart.I love this video, it's true christ like love and wise at the same time.This is a phenomenal video. Very well done. It touched my heart. As the star in the East led the wise men of old, The Bread of Life leads 
wise men today to the hungry and cold. And sends to the fatherless, the 
widow, the poor, Earthly angels proclaiming His love evermore. Precious 
gifts to the Christ child upon a holy night were once brought, But wise men 
today a new thing are taught. “Give unto others as Christ would have you 
give.” Remember the season and echo the reason for His miraculous birth.By the sweat of their brows, with their hands men earn bread Among them are 
those that desire to be led With spiritual eyesight sent from above, They 
sense a sign pointing to He who is Love. They carry forth gifts not fit for 
a king, Through service they witness what hope, Emmanuel means. The child 
of God they encounter is not found in a manger, It’s the brother or sister 
they once viewed as a stranger. Matthew 25:40 And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say 
unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my 
brethren, ye have done it unto me.Isaiah 9:6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the 
government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called 
Wonderful, Counselor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of 
Peace. Sorry guys but im not a Mormon but this video wanted to make me cry Great message. This video has helped me to make a decision to give.Who could possibly down vote something as wonderful as this? Do they truly 
dislike charity and love?Thank you very much for this beautiful video! Merry Christmas! I have come to look forward to these videos. They are of the highest 
quality. They are a light in an internet full of darkness. This one is no 
exception - really powerful. Thanks again.This is a great video, so glad I saw this. Thanks for such an amazing 
message.I love it!@thisisbs808 Turn on the Closed Captioning using the CC button to see the 
text exactly as it is read.beautiful :)Thank you! The church is doing a great job with their videos; truly inspired 
masterpieces!Sweetis the text of this video available?Thank you, my Lord. This was a beautiful piece.... beautiful, thanksBeautiful. Let all men remember. A great, encouraging video perfect for the Christmas season.Love this video. Great for inspiring and instilling the Christmas Spirit in 
everyone.