I LOVE THESE VIDS!!!!!!!﻿When Jesus tells them their father is the devil I thought, "Oooooooo snap!"﻿WOW the actor is so good I'm afraid of committing false idolatry by 
watching this! This is exactly how I picture our Savior. Praise Jesus!!﻿The gasp at the end was priceless!﻿I am glad I watched this, being a return missionary is hard, but I'm glad 
to hear the scriptures today.﻿The actor who plays our Lord Jesus Christ is how I actually imagine Him to 
be, I'm not talking about his physical features, but his whole body 
language, his voice tone, calm and authoritative.﻿good results in oneness, and evil results in a sense of separation. 
Decisions in one's life could be approached by evaluating which choices 
promote greater oneness and which promote separation.﻿I think John 8:34-36 was skipped﻿ in the 70s I was godless back then I found jesus threw this video and 
others im now the proud owner of 3 kids and a wife. god is the lord Jesus 
Christ amen﻿i love jesus ﻿Very stirring lecture by Christ. The last verse in that chapter in John 8:59 
(not depicted in this film) "Then took they up stones to cast at him: but 
Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst of 
them, and so passed by."
The reason: Jesus said He was I AM before Abraham, a name for Jehovah:
Exodus 3:13 And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children 
of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me 
unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto 
them?
 14 And God said unto Moses, I Am That I Am: and he said, Thus shalt thou 
say unto the children of Israel, I Am hath sent me unto you.﻿Love thy neighbor as thyself.Love shall cover a Multitude of sins.(Love the 
Lord thy God with all thy Heart,Mind and Soul)this is the Foundation of 
Jesus Christ.if a man say`s,he loves God and hates his neighbor,this man is 
a liar and the love of God is not in him.﻿christ is the only date give live ﻿no ader﻿ym have seen the lord believe me he is the way ﻿ah love the lord amen the true en the way the only way ﻿Our Lord Jesus says "I AM"  because HE existed before the world was made. 
 HE along with the FATHER and the HOLY SPIRIT have co existed through 
eternity.   Praise to God!!﻿AMEN he saved me amen xxx ﻿In name Jesus I pray. Cristina﻿How clear this scripture is for those who are looking for the truth.
How long people calling themselves Christians continue to tag and judge 
others saying your are not Christian.
Are they blind like the those Jewish Leaders that time?﻿Does I Am mean Jehovah?﻿Jesus is light in my life. ﻿AWESOME﻿the truth shall make you free...﻿I think these videos would be so much better if they would speak in common 
english. I would love to use these for my ear 7 classes, but they won't 
understand it! These are Amazing videos,and i have to congrat the actors on this video,its 
all Perfect and Amazing!For me this is the Best Jesus i haver Saw in all 
Jesus movies!!!They took up stones. I am calling on the prophets. We know the message and 
are unable to share it. The stones point to faith and faith points to hope 
and hope points to LOVE.The gravity of god HIMSELF. Reply my Bro.Wow . What words Amen! almost read this as "The moron channel", what a stupid mistake that would 
have beenThanks to the up loaders for giving chance to hear the preachings of JESUS 
through video program. That's an awesome dream. Hearing is even greater site!Truly this is a wondrous site to behold,,, and truly we need to know,,,,But 
the truth of the ears and far less of the site,,,, there for it is better 
to read!!! For Christ said more often blessed are those that have ears to 
hear,,, rather then that have eyes to see!His people shall perish because of lack of Knowlegde We do. Seeing is believing. Message with video is easily understandable.Thank you 
for exhibiting videos through you tube, which enables viewers to receive 
Christ as personal savior.May GOD bless your ministry.i have a question for you too. when God said "Let us make man in our own 
likeness", He used "us", who was with God that time? and when Jesus said 
that, "before Abraham was born I am", what is that supposed to mean? and 
lastly, in John 1:1, who was the "Word" that is "God" and was with God in 
the beginning and became "flesh" and dwell among us? And to your question 
about Jesus praying at the Garden, cannot a "Son" of God talk to His 
Father? Read John 17:5 for your answer.That's an excellent question. The answer is longer than I could put 
eloquently in 500 characters. You can look it up on LDS.org or even have 
missionaries come to you and answer any inquiries you might have. I might 
ask though... if Jesus was God, who was he praying to in the Garden of 
Gethsemane? :) He said "I am" regular Christians will say he just said he was God, so why 
don't Mormons believe Jesus was God?We believe that neither the man nor the woman can go to the highest degree 
of heaven without each other. As far as I know we believe that Jesus has 
siblings though only Christ was begotten of the God the Father. Do you know from which series or film this is taken?I believe in Jesus Christ, and in his father God and in the Holy Ghost. 
Love is what they are. i shall stand with them in this world, it is my time 
to go. Praise be to God for all of his mercies, his love and forgiveness 
with them I can face life challenges & have compassion. In the name of 
Jesus Christ amenBryce. The Church (greek word for circle) and is the body of believers in 
Christ. He was deliverance from ordinances and sin. There is no other after 
him to reveal the true Church. Only the Apostles to bring him to the world. 
CHRIST alone is the Church for those that believe exactly as this video 
states. It's not works, priests, temples or old Covenant law, certainly not 
a return to those things. Simply John 3:16. Nothing else. Man only 
complicates our relationship with him with Religion.Mormons are not remotely the same as Catholic. They do not believe in the 
Triune. Joseph Smith also believed in polygamy. He also believed a woman 
could not get to heaven except through a man. (Correct me if I am wrong on 
that account). Catholics believe in transubstantiation. That the body and 
bread of Christ in the Eucharist must be shared. They believe that Mary was 
a virgin and that Jesus did not have siblings. And the list goes on. The Catholic Church was not stated by Emperor Constantine. The Catholic 
Church is initated from the apostles. Just as the Alexandrian, Coptic, 
Syrian and Orthodox churches orginated from the original apostles. The 
Emperor Constantine saw that the Christians were not a threat to his reign, 
and allowed them to now WORSHIP openly without being persecuted. That was 
his role. He was a deathbed convert only.Christ's message is of peace. :) He IS peace!!I am so happy the church is making these video's for all to see and learnYou're not stupid :) The Catholic church was started by Emperor Constantine 
of the Roman Empire in the 300s A.D. The Mormon church was founded in 1830 
through a prophet named Joseph Smith. The Lord told Joseph Smith that many 
truths had been lost and that His church needed to be restored again. He 
revealed the true doctrine of His church to Smith and gave him the 
authority to restore the church complete with apostles, temples, and saving 
ordinances such as baptism by immersion, and much more.to the person asking about being Mormon if it is the same as being catholic 
far from it my friend if you have any questions you should talk with the 
missionaries they can help answer any question's you might have concerning 
the church of jesus Christ of latter day saints but to really find out what 
is true and what is not you should ask god with all that you are and a 
broken heart and contrite spirit and he will reveal the truth unto you by 
the power of the holy spirit!is words are truthfulJesus it the only way. I love you, Jesus. <3No, being Mormon is not the same thing as being Catholic. It is of my 
understanding that Catholics believe that the Father, the Son, and the Holy 
Ghost are all one being (the Holy Trinity). Latter-Day Saints (Mormons) 
believe that God, the eternal Father, his son Jesus Christ, and the Holy 
Ghost are all separate beings. No, but the beliefs are largely similar (they are different sects of 
Christianity).Yes, there is some Catholic practice and they are very much the same but, 
what makes it more special is that being "Mormon" (I technically don't like 
the nickname) gives you a broader sense of direction as to how to live your 
life and to ask of god what he wants us to do to be Happy.Did you read the whole book of John? The church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints believes in the bible as do 
the catholics, it is a very different religion.No, they are definitely different religions. mormon.org is a good place to 
look at some of the basics. But i thought God created all men?Haha I hope we can watch things in the past when we get to heaven cuz i 
want to see Jesus put those guys in there place in pearsonn:)Many believe Jesus is referring to himself as God by saying "I am" Exodus 
3:14 -- God said to Moses, “I am who I am.[a] This is what you are to say 
to the Israelites: ‘I am has sent me to you. "I am" is also how God refers 
to himself . Mormons & Catholics both believe in Jesus Christ and try to follow his 
teachings. We have alot more in common than we have differences. To any 
religion the invitation from the Mormons is the same; come, bring your 
truth, let us share our knowledge and see if we can add something to the 
light and truth you already have.No, Mormonism holds the belief of several gods and other beliefs that are 
not found in the bible. Catholics are considered Christian/based on the 
bible, but hold un-biblical practices such as the worship of Mary and 
praying to Saints.the difference is that we don't really focus on mary but our heavenly 
father and jesus Christ, not saying that mary isn't important. Were 
Christians, because we believe in Christ using both the bible and the 
Mormon book. Well, they can be downloaded from the Church website and I've got a 
playlist that put them in chronological order. "If you could see me, would you cast away your doubt? I say unto you, 
belief comes from knowing me, then you will see all that I am" That's what 
I heard in a dream, but I can't find this saying anywhere? Has anyone heard 
it before? It popped into my head as clear as day, the next day. This was a 
period when I challenged Jesus allot, because I wasn't getting what I 
wanted - I remember going to sleep angry with him and then not seeing him 
in a dream, just hearing that?well, it would be an honor if i could help you personally my friend, but 
it's quite impossible, if i may, i can introduce you to someone might be 
willing to help you understand perfectly.THERE'S A DIFFERENCE.Mormons and Catholics both accept the Old and New Testaments. Where the 2 
religions differ is that Mormons also believe in another book of testaments 
called the Book of Mormon. The Book of Mormon was apparently given to 
ancient Native Americans in North America.Hi! The man who portrays Jesus in these films must be good.; he must 
qualify on an extremely high scale. He must have no wrongs in his life that 
are of any consequence. He must be above reproach in every facet of his 
life. He must be a truly good man. No. We are a completely different denomination from Catholicism. They are 
led by the Pope, and we are led by a Prophet. And there are also doctrinal 
differences. I'm not surprised by your question, though, because I think 
there are more similarities between us and them than many in either of our 
Churches care to admit. For example, we're both somewhat looked down upon 
by some other Christians, and yet both of us consider ourselves to be 
Christian denominations because of our belief in Jesus.I love yashua :)Before Abraham, was I AM.I suspect the team making this will do the same when they are done. I 
believe you can download all of them at the official site.Being Mormon is different from being Catholic, although we both believe in 
Jesus as the Savior and the Son of God. It is hard to explain everything in 
a Youtube comment, but if you have Mormon friends or acquaintances, they 
could help you. Or, if you see some missionaries in passing, they could 
offer some brief answers on the spot with no commitment needed.This is my favorite Bible Video. I hadn't paid much attention to this 
passage before but this video helped me to see the implications of the 
words that Jesus speaks. He is the light of the world, which shone in the 
darkness and the darkness comprehended it not. I Hope there will be a dvd for all this.What does he mean by " before abraham was, I am"? And it says it right 
there, the reason why people dont beleive in the book of mormon is becuase 
it is 100% True Saying "I AM" was the same thing as saying I am God. When Moses saw the 
burning bush, the voice of the Lord said, "I am that I am." Those words 
were a declaration of his relationship with Heavenly Father and the 
Hebrews. He was the God of the Old Testament. That's why so many people 
gasped and others would accuse him of blasphemy. He said a very bold 
statement. I love these videos sooooo much!