I really was beginning to see how the church of LDS did nothing but good, 
but as a 'born again' spirit filled disciple of Christ who is not a part of 
the LDS (I go to a Vineyard church in the UK) it was really troubling to 
hear these Elders talk about how this man's baptism was irrelevant, casting 
it aside as 'a great experience'. Surely any experience of coming to 
Christ, following and being baptised in whatever way possible..in lakes, 
rivers, the sea..a bathtub or a wheelie bin, as long as it is done with the 
intent of washing away your previous life is the most beautiful thing ever? 
I don't understand. I had a good friend of mine saying that at a Mormon 
baptism she attended, they had to go under the water 3 times, because the 
previous 2 were done wrong...how is that so? I'm just curious.. ﻿Hey mate...Where in Australia you live? I am in Sydney. I am a member here 
and if you need anything, just let me know. CheersHallerium, seem's to me all you need is baptism and follow that dream with 
Jesus and nothing will stand in your way. Look's like our Father in heaven 
has chosen you. You will succeed, can you feel the warmth of his Devine 
love, it's been growing in you.A message from a brother . Bless you.there's a site called Mormon.org where you could chat with missionaries... 
that's how I got a good chunk of info.What do you think? Better said, how do you feel as you watch this?Hey! Hable con tus misioneros locales. Antes de que estos videos salieron 
en youtube, ya estaban en fomato de dvd, los modificaron para youtube, pero 
el espiritu es igual.Do it! You will be blessed if you reach out to the missionaries rather it 
be in person or online. Missionaries are great people. There is no need to 
feel nervous :) you are correct. I am polynesian, but I believe it would benefit a lot of 
people. I mean its the second or third language in terms of how many people 
speak it as their first language.click on the cc at the bottom of the video and click on english captions, 
then click on the cc again and click on translate captions beta and scroll 
down to spanish and it will give you spanish subtitles.seriously!! do it it will change your life!!!!! wowwwwwww go to where it says cc at the bottom of the video click on english 
(automatic captions). Then re-click on the CC and click on translate 
captions beta and find spanish its in alphabetical order and there will be 
spanish subtitles.You are on the right track. You will know the truth when you here it 
because God is the Father of your Spirit and you lived with him for 
trillions of years before you were born.What makes you think that God is not real, I know that he is the Father of 
your Spirit and you and I lived with Hiim for many years. Our knowedge of 
our pre-mortal existance was taken away so we could recieve mortal bodies 
and learn through our experiances on this earth. If your pray to God in the 
name of Jesus Christ, He will reveal the truth to you if you listen. The 
Church of JESUS CHRIST of Latter day Saints is the only Christen religion 
that teaches that we had a prievious life.I so much enjoy You Tube material Thank youi have been a member of this church for a year and its not like any church 
i have ever been to...this church is true Hablas o entiendes ingles? But god's not real?It makes me really happy that you will feel more confident contacting 
missionaries online. I served a full-time mission, so I promise that 
missionaries don't bite. I always considered myself to be a guide to help 
people discover the truth for themselves when I was a missionary. I hope 
you get your sincere questions answered. =D I went through the same thing except it was a husband. It is tough and 
everyone should only do this for themselves. I wish you the best - it was 
one of the hardest things I went through.I absolutely love The District! Every single story, testimony and 
experience touches my heart and spirit so deeply. I Love the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.It's people like this that really make me want to serve a mission. To see 
their love for God and people in their eyes and in their actions. I want to 
be like this when I go on my mission.These series are great. It helps me remember all the this I did on my 
mission, all the moments I just couldn't take a picture of, all the 
feelings no one can describe to you, all the hard work, all the love you 
showed for others, all the joy that comes from helping others become more 
like Christ.this is a heartfelt and wonderful episode..it makes me to believe and 
strive to work hard to go serve a mission..blessed are thy hearts for thy 
work is great and wonderful..Proud to serve and Gain blessings along the 
way..:)Such great stories, I really admire both the missionaries and the 
investigators for their faith and courage. I look forward to serving a 
mission myself when I'm 18.Im glad that the girl at the beginning was doing it for herself. Unlike my 
soon to be ex-wife, she said she did it for me and just wanted to party and 
drink...2 years of my life wasted....From my experience this church and every member in it truely practice what 
christ preached, traditional, formal, Holy spirit filled, Thanks to Elders: 
Adams, Hogland, Spencer, Bean, Whipple, Tupau, Schmitt, doing Bev.park ward 
proud... O:-) Love you guys and all the missionaries serving World wide. 
you are in our prayers...:-)These videos are great. It really helps others know how missionaries have 
real concerns for those that they teach and it also show how missionaries 
also come form different situations themselves. Life is full of challenges 
and trails. We all have them. It is a part of life. We all learn through 
different ways. It really helps to understand why we are here on earth. May 
God help us know what we all need to do and accomplish in life. These kids are amazing missionaries. Just watched the entire series on 
BYUtv. Loved this! I used to watch this in my mission!!! I loved, I learned so much.what episode is this?I remember watching these on my mission! But this version gives a deeper 
perspective on the people! I like how its a great representation of what 
its like to serve a mission having served one myself. The words of sincere 
people and how they really feel and what they honestly believe.it would be nice if you added spanish subtitles for the Latino community... 
my family doesn't speak/understand english :( Thank you