"And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance 
unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall 
be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!" -Doctrine and Covenants 
18:15﻿You are the lost sheep, and Jesus has left the rest of the herd just to 
find you.﻿i love watching parables...best guide in everyday life...﻿Man, when the shepherd was under a cave while it was raining, I got a 
little teary eyed﻿All too often
I am that lost sheep
Walking off, when
I've a path to keep.
Pride or something
Sends me off track.
A voice, loving,
Cries, "Come. Turn back!"﻿Christ is British? At least He is in these videos, I love them, our teacher 
shows them at Church :)﻿unfortunately there are MANY "Christians" that just don't pay attention to 
this parable which is the most important parable Jesus ever spoke about! 
They are too busy having fun, that they forget about the lost sheep!﻿love this parable. How merciful and loving is Jesus as all are lost one 
time or another. ﻿♡﻿Its by the grace of God that Jesus Christ died on the cross for the sins of 
everyone. Its by his grace that we can make it to heaven, for God sent 
Jesus to come into the world not to condemn it but through Jesus that the 
world might be saved.Hopefully we could all remember the struggle it was for the Savior to find 
us. Let him take us home!Everyone has sinned and has fallen short of the glory of God. Yeah, but I think I liked the Jesus portrayed in Finding Faith in Christ a 
little bit better. The actor who portrayed Jesus in that film made Jesus 
look a little bit happier, loving and more approachable. The Jesus in these 
films also is portrayed well, but He is portrayed in a little bit more 
serious manner. He doesn't smile as much. However, such things are trivial. 
The most important thing is the message behind the film, not the way the 
film is done. TheNewLife93,,Yes, but are we not truly often his hands. Would it not 
double his joy and ours to bring a lost sheep home in the way he has taught 
us and given us the perfect example.:-) Thank goodness for the Good ShepardLove him for what he is are father and the glory of kingdmYou're right, but you might take this to mean that all of us at some 
point(s) stray from God and need to be "found." He is always reaching out 
to us at those points. All need to repent, but some of us, at times, are 
close to the shepherd, while some of us are in a "straying" moment of life.Beautiful!!!Great video!!So good! lol thats so true and when we do He must be very happy. Jesus is the bombit would be way better and more touching if the shepherd was Jesus himself 
in the scene not that old man :)Such a good parable!Thank you, Lord, for not giving up on me when I was lost!Love it! Great job guys.so lovely :)oh how we are so lost thank God for while were lost he came to saveBut don't we all need repentance? Go figure. Imagine the shepherd's joy In finding that one lost sheep He carries it to 
join His flock he tends in safe-keep Then he calls his neighbors And 
friends to come and see To rejoice in his labors Of having found his lost 
sheep So too is the joy in heaven When a soul enters the fold And is 
rescued from sin even What joy...when the news is told!These messages are awesome! Beautiful as always. Thank youAt some time in our life, we all may feel like a lost sheep until we find 
the Lord.Love it.Beautiful! My favorite Bible Video!When people stumble and sin, we should not say that they are wicked people. 
We should say that their sins do wickedly to a good person. Sin is like an 
malignant tumor; we must root it out while doing as little harm as 
possible. When a good person repents of their sins, relying on the mercy of 
Jesus Christ, they are made clean again. God will remember their sins no 
more and neither should we, that we may all rejoice in the gift of Christ.That guy who plays Christ does a pretty good job I think. He definitely 
looks the part. And his voice is appropriate as well. Another reason why I love the church :)And are we all not "lost sheep", in need of being found and redeemed? I 
know I am! Oh, what joy in heaven!!!