Первый раз слышу ) great for kids I just got baptised and i love this song!!i love arise!!!!!0:41 that is my friends cousin ! Aloha! and MahaloLove it! And miss Laie! Thank you for making the vid!I love this song its probably my favorite mormon message song my favorite 
mormon message is daytons legs now that one is a good one so whoever reads 
this should watch that oneI love coming to these vids and seeing these awesome comments...when the 
rest of youtube has terrible things to say.Reminds me of EFYI was at the Kansas City Temple Culteral Celebration, and we sang this. 
THUMBS UP PEOPLE!owesomewondefull song!!from all things 'of the world'Love this song:) and I absolutely love being LDS! It gives me so much joy!Awesome i love having this stuck in my head all day at schoolI heard this song at our Combined Activity on Mutual night, I love it! It 
is such a good example for us to be like Him and have others some unto his 
presence. I hope this video inspires us all! :)Awesome!Beautiful Man I love this song and I'm glad to be able to take part in such a big 
event in front of president Monson!!!! :)I love this song. I'm in the Kansas City Temmple Culturial Celebration and 
this is the first song we sing.My cousin is in this and great song!!I cannot wait for all 2300+ of us to sing this at the Cultural CelebrationI'm really good friends with almost everyone in this video! Good job guys! 
:) Especially you Marcus! Miss you guys! :)This is such cool song. I first heard it during the Kansas City Temple 
Meeting. I can envision hundreds of youth singing this song together.Love this so much!! It lifts my spirit so much when ever I hear it :DTout simplement magnifique!! Cette chanson est super entraînante!! Beautiful song and video. Made my day completely!!@McIvan123 from wherever you are; whatever you level is. improve. level up 
(in live, in your spirituality). Ü@nyborlily on lds.org or u can just download the video and convert it to 
mp3 like i did :DMost excellent!!!This song is such a great help to me in a hard time, also a great 
introduction to the theme of 2012. D&C 115:5 I love it! @nyborlily at LDS.org they have a free download :Domigosh! such an inspiration!Where can I buy the an mp3 download for this song? It is Awesome!I loveeee this song greatbexample imnfrom hawaii toArise and shine forth :) Arise from where?good singer good songThis song get stuck in my head everytime I listen to it........which is a 
good thing :) I love it <3 Arise! And let you let shine!I know this place! I love this!!!!Love the BYU shirt at 3:29! Great song!I cant stop listening to this! Please get an mp3 download available ASAP! 
Would be personally beneficial and beneficially to all youth of the church! 
Would soo greatly appreciate it!I cant stop listening to this! Please get an mp3 download available ASAP! 
Would be personally beneficial and beneficially to all youth of the church!I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this!!! Where can I download the mp3???Awesome video! He has a great voice btw.Guess who has goosebumps now. :DLOVELOVELOVELOVE THIS!This is choice! :DThis is a great video, thanks for uploading so many uplifting videos. It's 
nice to see such good videos on youtube, thanks!Wow. So amazing. Loved this.wow I love this video! I have been to the wonderful places that were in 
this film! I love LAIE!!! We are no longer a church of just America! The 
church has spread throughout the whole world! We are truly blessed to live 
in this time where we are not alone! Arise and feel the joy that our Father 
in Heaven wants us to!Beautiful video and music! Very uplifting, thank you for sharing!