CELESTIAL!﻿are u in tears yet?  if so..rightfully so...if not..check your 
soul...character, conscience and courage in knowing always to do the right 
thing. wrong is wrong no matter how many are doing it..and right is right 
no matter if no one is doing it.﻿Nice slow, relaxing and easy listening music. About a month ago I had the 
pleasure of being in Salt Lake City, and I went to a rehearsal of the 
Choir. They are enjoyable to watch and listen to.What shall we give??.. Thank you both for this beautiful gift,the 
music...to share it with us all.. And above all, that wath we may share in 
Christ our Lord... His love.... greetings from the Netherlands Tonsuch a calm and peaceful hymn Beautiful!Beautiful...What shall we give to the Lamb who was offered? Rising the third day and 
sharing His love. Tears for His mercy, we'll weep at the manger.... ...What 
shall we give? The Lord has told us this (TheJgallup below stated) : "For my soul 
delighteth in the song of the heart; yea, the song of the righteous is a 
prayer unto me, and it shall be answered with a blessing upon their heads." 
I add my witness that the Lord lives and because He does, so do I. I was 
dying and He reached out and helped me heal and understand what to do. And 
I am alive because He has kept me alive. All of us can be reborn and live 
with Him, having His spirit light us and our way. :Dthis song and Pilgrim Song are my favorite songs that the Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir sing!Wonderful songs. Greetings from Germany.Dieteri like turning the sound way up ...awe... so good!I love my Lord!!!!, I'm so grateful to be member of the church and know how 
huge is tehe love of our Heveanly Father.D&C 25: 12One of my favorites! So beautiful. One of my All time classic of Christmas songEs lo más hermoso que alguna vez escuché!!Wow! Wordless...This gives me pause....we are not alonewow. listened to this 5 times in a row. im crying and being sensitive right 
nowGREAT 100% Great Peace & love 4 everyonei listen to this song, my eyes closed. it just makes me feel wonderful!Superb! I wish I could be up there singing praises with them. Very well done.Abusolutly beautifulI love this. Tabernacle choir at its best :)Lovely is the word I use to describe this song sung by this Choir. I LOVE THIS SONG IT'S SOOO AMAZING! It's so inspiring to me, thank you for 
posting this!