Love the blessing of technology...It's incredible how the Lord inspired 
Elder and Sister Bednar to answer my present challenges in January 2015 
from a message they delivered presumably in March 2013! Blessed be the name 
of the Lord!﻿Inspiring and enormously relevant talk. Excellent insight as to why we have trials in life and how we can align our 
will with God's which provides comfort and understanding of the greater 
purpose for our lives. It's is sad that some who have commented on this 
video seem to want to criticize sound advice, wisdom, and clear 
understanding of the scriptures and of the atonement of Jesus Christ. They 
judge Elder Bednar like he is a deceiver or one who is preaching for 
personal gain. They couldn't be further from the truth.i love when i can find light in Internet, like this messege Faith is shown by working towards.Jesus wasnt just commanding to be healed 
but he reached out and (worked) pick them by the hand and LIFTED.Please do not give up do to the fact that he might have had a PHD, not all 
people in high positions in the church once served as executive, or highly 
respected jobs. For example Elder Richard G. Scott was a car salesman! I 
also know of a bishop that never went to college and is the manager of an 
R.C. Willey. Elder Bednar may have a PHD, but now he has quit the job he 
worked so hard to attain, and is now serving a higher purpose. Please watch 
another Fireside with this in mind. ¡¡¡¡¡¡I Love this video so far!!!!!!!Or if we just do something we love or spend time with someone we love. I 
don't understand why it has to be about Jesus and God and stuff.Educated people are just as worthy of admiration as are other people.Elder Bednar is a humble man. He will lovingly listen to a talk from 
anyone, even a child. The speakers of all devotionals are introduced in 
this way, because devotionals are in a school setting. The introduction 
serves in the same way as a citation would in a paper. It lets the students 
know a bit about their speaker. Joseph smith, the man through whom God 
restored his church, had very little education. "That I might show forth my 
wisdom through the weak things of the earth." D&C 124:1Great"Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom 
of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven. Many 
will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? 
and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful 
works? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, 
ye that work iniquity" - King James Bible 17th Century Translation -Ephesians For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not 
your own doing; it is the gift of God, not a result of works, so that no 
one may boast. John 6:37 All that the Father gives me will come to me, and 
whoever comes to me I will never cast out.. Acts 4:12 And there is 
salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given 
among men by which we must be saved.” life does not get easier the closer we get to Jesus, but our understanding 
of our trials and their purpose in our life becomes more apparent, and 
through strength we receive, from knowing our true relationship to the 
eternal world and God the Father and His Son, Our Savior, Jesus Christ, Our 
life takes on a deeper perspective of who we really are and how deeply they 
love us and knows who we really are and will become.Faith is not knowing that He would, but that He could!!! Incredible!I was not planning on crying :D Great messege, I really liked it!It's extremely surreal to see my friends in the intro vid and in the choir 
It was an honor sitting in the audience to hear the wonderful words of 
Elder Bednar Thank you so much for coming to Texas! :')Interesting to get the perspective of enough Faith to not be healed but to 
know that we can be! How very well put, I believe this message was truely 
inspired.Thank you for the great message.Wonderful message. When you think you have faith, you realize you actually 
don't have much.i love elder bednar Gods will is all that we really want :) Let go and let God in.Thank you Elder Bednar and John and Heather for sharing your wisdomthis was my first broadcast from church the other night since converting. 
it was amazing to say the least. i really enjoyed it and am about to watch 
it again! :)This video is up! Thank you! (I was trying to watch it on Sunday, but then 
I missed about 20 minutes in the middle of Elder Bednar's talk.) I'm going 
to watch it again!This was sooo great! <3