That's wonderful! I will try to learn more about my grandparents.﻿I love it 💖﻿An amazing, heart warming story. It made me think of my Granddad and the 
bond I have with him even now. He died when I was 6 years old, but I feel 
him around me nearly every day of my life. I can feel him guiding my art 
when I'm drawing (He was an oil painter, but I found out I'm allergic to 
oil paints so I draw and use marker/colored pencils and water colors 
instead), or when I'm feeling lonely or sad as I'm missing my Dad who 
passed in 2013 (I feel him around a lot too). Always cherish our loved 
ones, you never know what you could find out about them that could lead to 
a better understanding, and a deeper connection. I think the message this 
gentleman has in this video is beautiful.﻿Very creatively put together with compelling clips, interesting storyline 
and other tools.  I wonder how many hours/days went into making this 
excellent example of good story-telling.﻿Great grandfather story...﻿ Interesting history!﻿Since the grandfather is an american maybe he had a japanese friend in the 
war. Of course u might think having an enemy in war as a friend is 
crazy,but hey you never know. ;)﻿that is a totally awesome video.  We all find things like this in our 
genealogy, if we would seek out our ancestors. ﻿I feel like we often get caught up in finding birthdays, death 
certificates, and other facts and forget to actually get to know our 
ancestors. Would we meet someone by saying "What's your birthday?" or would 
we ask them what they like to do, what their favorite food is, or what 
their best memories are? Having an attitude like this video has mad 
genealogy so much better for me!﻿This is really well done!!﻿Awesome, this might be the boost I needed to get going on mine!﻿Great Job!!!!! Well done....﻿Love this story! ﻿FHI: Family History Investigators.﻿What a great video, great work...At the 1:48 mark there is a photo showing 
J.J. Mosser with another GI.the caption says Camp White.1944. I assume that 
is the Camp White near Medford, Oregon in the Rogue Valley. My father was 
in Camp White around that time and the other GI in the photo looks a lot 
like my father. Just a coincidence I'm sure but I really enjoyed this 
video. ﻿That is a really cool story.﻿Shows the importance of family history, wether you just make a basic chart 
for your own records or share it with the world. It's a perfect way to keep 
your family together and be proud of who you are﻿Thanks for sharing this special story.   I hope it brings peace to anyone 
that views it. ﻿Very well done and motivates me to start my family history.﻿Sure makes it more meaningful when you learn more about your family 
members. Great video!﻿Geneology has always been an interest of mine, and now that I am retired I 
have a lot of time to look into snippets that I come across....A few years 
ago, when I came over to the UK on holiday from South Africa, my sister 
showed me a copy of our family tree which she had received from a cousin of 
ours.
It showed that my parents were married in 1949.!!..I was born in 1935, my 
sister in 1939, a brother in 1931 and another brother in 1927.  I got so 
confused I filed all the papers away and haven't looked at them since.  I 
don't know if I want to know anymore and I will just stick with my 
childhood memories.!!!!! ﻿Best story I've ever heard. Wow﻿Excellent family history, sure enjoyed listening.﻿Hay mormón chanel en español
﻿