no﻿means nothing what you think of their religion, the video is correct. You 
will be all messed up if you do not pay attention. You will not have a 
relationship if you watch pornography and if you do it will dissolve then 
your back to what I said ,you will have no relationship. So if you want to 
love your cell phone and never have an actual person, that's your mistake.﻿Jesus Christ and Heavenly Father will love you no matter what....﻿the video help me to no see pornografi ^_^﻿Este vídeo me ha ayudado a no ver pornografia ^_^﻿God gave you this body but you should be careful what you watch﻿This is a wonderfully produced video on a most important subject. 
Thanks Mormon Channel. I will share this far and wide. God bless.﻿"Run from sexual sin! No other sin so clearly affects the body as this one 
does. For sexual immorality is a sin against your own body. Don’t you 
realize that your body is the temple of the Holy Spirit, who lives in you 
and was given to you by God? You do not belong to yourself, for God bought 
you with a high price. So you must honor God with your body." –1 
Corinthians 6:18-20﻿Logic isn't good and feelings bad. 
Neither are all our desires meant to be aimed at someone. Sometimes we have 
feelings and desires that are meant for us alone. It's very important to 
let kids know that that's ok!﻿I think it's a good starting point.﻿Great message. Although it's important to note that pornography is not just 
pictures of naked people. It's anything that inappropriately arouses sexual 
feelings. Including books, music and conversations with other people.﻿This is a great video.﻿Great video for anyone of any age to understand how pornography is 
different from healthy attitudes towards others.﻿Thanks Now I Know How To Be Safe :) It Is Super Dangerous To Look At Them 
And Do Them. Thanks For This Video It Will Help Me To Avoid Them.﻿This is a great lesson-video. please, please.. have a spanish version.. for 
youth in south america﻿I love this and the message it brings of hope and happiness. I'm grateful 
Heavenly Father gave us bodies and wants us to use them in the right way so 
that we can be the most happy. I love him and his perfect plan!﻿Great video! I don't have my own children but do have younger siblings. 
This video can guide youth and also is a helpful tool for parents to use 
with their children to cover this topic.﻿Ok I know its for kids....... but I find it helpful in that it explanes it 
in its simplest form........ first was fasinated with porn at 7....... 
hooked by about 12 or 13.......... I'm 31 and married and still it beats me 
down and is keeping me from going farther in the church........﻿i love this video!! i have been an lds since birth! and i am proud! 😄😄﻿This was great to show our family. We felt it taught to not have guilt, but 
seek help right away and you are normal. It was done in away that wasn't in 
your face, but all ages clearly understand. And no matter what, the Savior 
loves us and will help us thru any trial 😇❤️﻿This is such a great video. But it makes me so sad that it's directed at 
children so young. It just shows us that today's entertainment industry is 
making porn more visible and accessible to young kids, not just teens and 
adults.﻿Was this directly made for young children? Because it did help me and I 
never thought this way! Amazing, thanks guys 👌﻿Everyone who has kids should see watch this...then show it to their 
children.﻿I'm really grateful for the inspired people that made this video and others 
like it, which help me to raise and teach my children the gospel of Jesus 
Christ and prepare them for some of life's challenges. Thank you!﻿I like how it tells kids to not be afraid to talk to a trusted adult and 
that it teaches them to turn away and or turn off. But I feel the 
definition is lacking so much more! Satan has a way of putting lil things 
out there and justifying them. They are correct when they said it may make 
you curious. But I truly feel these of a pornographic nature and even 
erotic nature arent just pictures or videos. And that needs to be addressed 
with children. It could be an interaction, conversation, act, literature, 
and even audio. 
This is a great start. But please continue!﻿Excellent job!!!﻿tis video clip , 5 days ago only attracts less than 60k views !what a shame 
!! it's an amazing tool to teach our younger children the correct way to 
lead the right way of life from early childhood..plz spread this video by 
sharing with everyone you know or come across..perfect self explanatory 
self teaching tool. If parents/ guardians would watch this video together 
with their child ,u can expect view their reactions & emotions that could 
lead to early detection. Well done to this video production.(NB. i am a 
Malaysian ,living in a country where internet is with the world's highest 
patroage/viewers).﻿Thank you.﻿Great video..﻿Wonderful video. Thanks for making it. Please keep making them! Sharing 
with my family tonight.﻿Need to proactively inoculate the youth/rising generation from the 
onslaught of pornography and selacious media and vile disease being foisted 
upon us by the adversary of our souls. Thank you. Excellent video!﻿As a  recent convert to The Church of Jesus Christ Of Latter Day Saints, I 
know that these images are EVERYWHERE. You see it in advertising, video 
games, magazines, and even books. Before I came to the church I had enjoyed 
seeing these things. However I now realize that viewing these images and 
letting it control your life is immoral. It isn't the first look that gets 
you in trouble. It is the second look. Heavenly Father will not judge you 
on the action alone. He will also judge you on your thoughts afterward. It 
is always important to talk to a trusted adult after seeing these types of 
images. Be it your parents or any other trusted adult.﻿This is great for preventing the objectification of women.﻿Please translate this video in spanish, beacuse is wonderful﻿edwardsson777, this in no way is discrediting the idea that television is 
also bad in many forms, especially in an over abundance. It is simply 
showing the effects of, and harm of pornography. The smiling and courageous 
children in the video do everything BUT make you feel discouraged and 
"guilty" as you point out. The opposite, in fact encourages that "your 
parents and family love you" , "your Heavenly Father loves you," and that 
they are all there to "help you" as well as that you are "not a bad 
person,"... all of which is repeated in the video in many ways. If your 15 
year old daughter felt that this video made her discouraged or feel guilty, 
then I would try talking to her more and help her feel more loved and 
encouraged, because she likely has a pornography addiction. At 15, it has 
probably gone on for a while, and needs loving help to turn from it.﻿thank You So Much I love you people....﻿Almost good. The definition given of pornography, however, is wrong. If I 
had been told as a child how pornography does not necessarily have anything 
to do with nudity or partial nudity, that it is watching or listening to 
anything arousing whether it involves nudity or not, I may have avoided an 
addiction. Please, emphasize this to your children-- it truly can help!﻿Excellent parenting tool! Good for a family discussion.﻿EXCELENT!!!﻿Amazingly perfect video on a difficult topic. Will there be more ?﻿Pornography is indeed bad. However, most television programs today are 
actually designed to destroy traditional values, and are every bit as 
harmful to young and older minds alike, as pornography. Do you realize how 
much time the average American spends in front of a TV set each day? 
According to the presentation "Why Television is Your family's Worst Enemy" 
it is 5 hours per day! That is like 1/3 of their waking hours! And very 
little is quality in any respect.﻿Very well done ^_^ and Very helpful﻿This is excellent﻿This is great. I wish they would have had this when I was a kid.﻿I showed this to my 15 year old and she immediately could recognize this is 
a way to build guilt and fixation for the very thing that the producers of 
this film, although sincere and trying to do good, wanted to discourage in 
the first place.﻿Thank you for this resource!﻿I loved it! Thank you so very much! It will help me a lot in teaching young 
people and my own family. :)﻿Useful for the grown ups too. Love it!﻿Wonderful... I shared to my fb profile... Thank you for making this video 
THANKYOU! :) (Y)﻿Very good! Well done if I had children I would show them this :)﻿