I'm grateful for the plan of Happiness!﻿Come back 54spatula, we miss you and love you. Come back to his arms and to 
the fold. I will be there waiting for you. I promise. Hey. The church is true. Get active. :)catholics, mormons, jews, christians, muslims and so on have one thing in 
common. THEY HAVE THEIR SPIRITUALITY IN COMMON. that means those who 
practise what they preach WILL go to god one day. WORD OF HONOUR.I want to go back to church - but I am frustrated that the Church doesn't 
not call out those who are destroying our world. It is the same people that 
claim they are the "chosen" people of god - yet they practice some of the 
most vile doctrines on this earth - yet so many "Christians" try to say 
that Jesus Christ was of their "race" and yet he was not. These people are 
behind pornography, gossip, media, banking-scams, corporate-scams, and 
degenerate Hollywood - yet I never hear their name utteredThank you Sabrina! been looking my whole life , yea my whole life for Happiness constantly 
getting let down by everybody people have left me my whole life... and i 
mean.. Everybody just me and my dog, thats all ive got in the whole world 
ive got friends, well people who tell me there friends friends i dont see 
tho, cyber friends aka Facebook ive got no real friends in real life, like 
i said earlier, its just me... looks like its always gonna be just me ive 
got so much love to give somebody but nobody wants itYou are not alone, help others and your sorrow becomes joy when you realize 
my difficulties and hard times are minimal compared to what God has 
endured. People care about you and want you to be happy. How we hadle those 
hard times determines who we are and what we can become. Know you are not 
alone there is a Savior who loves you and gave his life for you. Please contact the missionaries or the LDS bishop in your area for help. 
You can find their contacts in the local telephone book at the library. The 
LDS church is not just there to proclaim and preach the gospel but also to 
help the needy. May God bless you. This video is just what I needed to lift my day, thanks for the work that 
goes into maintaining this channel!reach out to your Bishop and members in your ward for help. Members are 
here to help you, we all need help to live at some point in our lives and 
there are many who would love to help you find a home, work or whatever you 
need. Even though I don't know your name I will Pray for you. God bless!!God knows who you are, and He loves you. I have felt lonely and very 
discouraged at times, and I know that we can received peace and comfort 
through Christ. Pray, God hears you, and is listening. He will lead you to 
where you need to be and what to do. Hang on, trust on.Congratulations, Ed!! From the Rileys in FloridaThis organization of Christ has at its call an army of faithful priesthood. 
Call a bishop; visit a mtghouse and request a blessing. God's children will 
find rest and safety in the hands of His authorized people. They will at 
your request seal a personal blessing on your head by direct revelation 
from the Holy Spirit. We are uniquely authorized to rebuke the adversary 
and make avail real blessings to help you gather yourself, find fellowship 
and weather it with honest friends. -MLI love it. Great post!!! Thanks for sharing!!! Please also check my channel 
for more inspiring videos!!!@54spatula Come back to church. :) We miss you. We love you. And most of 
all, Christ loves you. Hope to see you back sometime soon ;)@mormonjustice =( What is wrong with the world. You shouldn't be homeless. 
I grew up in a christian church and foster home and after I left. I became 
homeless so many times. Sometimes, I get lonely and I think of God and 
Jesus. And sometimes I wish I had them back in my life. But I dont know 
what to do anymore. I feel lonely and helpless and sometimes I think Im 
going to die in the streets. =( I dont have a family or anything. I was an 
orphan. What do I need to do?I love this video@mormonjustice Continue in faith and you will be blessed. I will remember 
to keep you in my prayers! @mormonjustice You are homeless and still keeping up. God will bless you 
one day, if he hasn't. You may not be poor but you aren't necessarily rich. 
But inside spiritually you are a Billionaire to all of us and we all hope 
you get on your feet and make it. Just watch Quentin L. Cook's Video, "Hope 
you know, we had a hard time". @mheyize we can be slaves to our own ignorance...Prov2:1-5 Our Heavenly 
Father is closer than you think. The keys of the knowledge of God has been 
restored once again in these latter-days and many people are receiving 
revelation through the power and gift of the Holy Ghost. We invite all 
people to ask God if these things are true:)@RKOfaN237 Hope can lead you to know the truth...Prov 2:1-5 Hope is a great 
principle of the gospel of Christ. We invite all to seek knowledge as 
hidden treasure... and never give up, fight a good fight and you will be 
amazed at what can be right around the corner or even what could be right 
in front of your face... The gospel is true and it is the power of God unto 
salvation to all those who believeth. I know God lives and it is the 
knowledge of his love that gives me hope:)@BryceisBibleMan Eph5:23@54spatula many latter-day saints are truly being led by God through the 
power and gift of the Holy Ghost... so they are trying to overcome the 
natural man. They are truly seeking righteousness and it shows:) One of the 
things that I have learned as a convert is that we all must seek knowledge 
as hidden treasureProv 2:1-5 It is the knowledge of the truth that will set 
us free... it is never to late to live according to the will of God.@mormonjustice I know that you are loved... all that the world has to offer 
cannot even compare to what the Lord has to offer Matt6:33 seek not the 
vain things of this world, but seek ye first the kingdom of God and his 
righteousness Prov2:1-5 Seek knowledge as hidden treasure and it is the 
knowledge of the truth that will set you free... The truth is that the 
gospel of Christ has been restored once again in these latter-days and it 
is the power of God unto salvation to all those that believethThis is the TRUE Church of Jesus Christ!You can find happiness out of religion you know@blaker53 If I was you I would go to lds.rg We are LDS, not Mormon, Mormon 
is a nickname given to us, but we are not politically Mormon.God never said that he wanted us to be happy. he said that he wanted us to 
be joyful, for his grace. he said nothing about being sucessful, or happy. 
his ultimate goal for us is to be close to him@Tico4president the term Mormon is a nickname for the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints. Visit mormon.org for more info."Much of the world is being involved in a rising river of degenerate filth. 
With the abandonment of traditional marriage..." -So true! I love the 
message of this video! Keep it up! @Tico4president like the mormon church?i love this video:D I cant beleive i almost cried..... im also having a hard time now, hope is 
the only thing keeping me away from suicide. Anyways i hope that you all 
find happiness and solace because each and every one of you deserve it, and 
i truly mean it :)that's is the real happiness came fromSome times it feels like I'm alone. It feels that way right now.beutifuli need each video which 'mormon messages' presents. elder richard g scott 
has touched my soul for many years. i appreciate his efforts and lessons.Wow! Thank you so much!This video has an amazing message.There IS a great Plan of Happiness!Im actually homeless right now.So I come to the library and get on the 
computer so I can watch these videos,and I feel better.I woke up today with just this heavy feeling of despair. I really needed to 
hear this! What a wonderful message!! =)@LOKAL93 Thanks for lighting up this darkness.Wow this really opened my eyes. Thanks for posting:-)I've been in-active for many years, but i still maintain that the members 
of the lds church are the greatest people you'll ever meet.Jesus Left the Apostles in around 33 AD... He said he would be with his 
Church for all time and told the Apostles to make disciples of all 
nations.. There was a True Church in the 1st,2nd,3rd,4th,5th,6th,7th,8th, 
etc centuries(Catholic/Eastern Orthodox (?) ) YET Mormons started in the 
19th Century.. How can someone reconcile this to Jesus establishing The 
Great Commission of the Apostles full authority over his Church on Earth?The only way to find true happiness is in the service to and other. For 
when you are in the service of others ye are only in the service of your 
God. And in the blessings of service you will find true happiness.Thank you for adding the captions to this video! I really like this 
message! Thank you for sharing.Keep trying Bro! The Saviour loves you just as much as anyone. Keep trying 
one step at a time. Take something you are struggling with and work on that 
pray for help and you wil overcomeim not really a good mormon. but i do like these messages.I really like the quote at 1:25. Whenever a saying like that is mentioned, 
it gives my strength and hope and helps me to keep pushing forward in 
trials, especially if Jesus Christ is the one being quotedi can related i found out god love me when my dad was in a motorcycle 
accident and it changed my life forever i was never hurt by him again i no 
longer live in fear of my dad he is still alie but cant hurt me and my mom 
again l ife isent easy but if u belive in god and yourself it wont be as 
hardElder Richard G. Scott... I just love his inspired messages!absolutely wonderful and upliftingthat was inspiringI love watching all of these videos, they always bring me so much comfort.thank you. love, a daughter of god <3Very righteous.. How can I download this to my own computer?I love life. I'm the happiest person I know. I believe dwelling on the 
unknowable is a waste of time. There are many mysteries, things we will 
never know. Accepting the fact that we will never know these things is all 
we need; discussing "possibilities" only wastes time and makes people 
fearful and angry. Once we understand how precious our life is and that it 
soon ends forever, may allow us to be better people and enjoy life more. 
Honesty can be balanced with kindness and love. PEACE!Oh. So true. Thanks for sharingit can be done it is a great videoall of us want to be happywill I be able to burn a disk of this video to share?Thank you for pointing out we can post this on Facebook!!! I'm pretty new 
to FB and this is a great use for it!! Thanks!!!embed it on your blog...share it on facebook...subscribe on 
youtube...favorite it on youtube! Just a thought! teheheheJust reading your words filled me with light. Thankswell spoken!The first step to develop faith is to have the desire to believe, to become 
a better person. The Lord loves you very much. You should give yourself the 
opportunity to get to know him because it is well worth it. Sometimes, we 
need to take a chance and trust other people's testimonies. The important 
thing is that - if you are sincere in your quest - you can find out for 
yourself and will not need to seek anyone else's opinion anymore. I hope 
you do try.I love it!Elder Scott came to my mission in Tucson once and at a meeting the day 
after his birthday, I gave him a card. Much to my surprise, he then gave me 
a big hug and thanked me for my card. He's my favorite of the apostles! 
Elder Holland is another friendly guy as is Elder Marlin K. Jensen, the 
church historian.This is like a bite-size General Conference message... This is done really 
well. Now I am trying to think, who I can share this with...I have had the same problem. It is a BIG gamble based on tenuous evidence. 
The only reply I can offer is that the proof is in the pudding. It is 
terrifying to trust in somebody you can't see or always feel. But, at least 
for me, it has always payed off. The second to best evidence you will find 
is people who do trust God. Are they happy? Are they happy when bad things 
happen to them? The best evidence, however, is in yourself. Try it. It's 
terrifying at times. But it is worth it.I'm grateful for living Apostles.Happy Happy Be happy!Very inspiring. I needed this today!the glorious unicorn appears at least 3 times in the bible. Job 39:912. 
(Psalm 29:6 .Isaiah 34:7this made my day tooWhich conference was this talk from please anyone?Elder Scott speaks so simply and sincerely. How true are his words!wow.... wow. that made me really happy!A scripture in the Book of Mormon I think says it all. Alma 41:10 Do not 
suppose, because it has been spoken concerning restoration, that ye shall 
be restored from sin to happiness. Behold, I say unto you, wickedness never 
was happiness.k thenThis made my day!I like the concept of finding the good even if we feel we are surrounded by 
badSer Mormones, Ser FelizI am so thankful for wonderful apostles of the Lord who give us hope and 
encouragement!If you try with faith and confidence it will work. Then you will have your 
evidence. What you want is evidence before an experiement.amenPraying out loud aids in humbling us, and helps us to truly pour out our 
hearts to Him. Being 'silent' and focused in our minds as we pray, helps us 
to filter out the world. We also need to be silent afterwards... in our 
hearts and in our minds, so that the Holy Spirit can whisper directives and 
answers to us, as we are in that quiet state.I see the world around me becoming a much darker place than it was only a 
few years ago and sometimes I get discouraged. This is just the message 
that I needed! Through Christ we can all find eternal happiness. Let's hang 
in there guys!I am so happy to know that our Savior JesusChrist is always next to us 
during our trials. I am so happy to know that Christ really knows how we 
feel. Thank you for this message! It is truly uplifting.It's called faith. ;) If you had evidence, and knew all things from the 
beginning, what would be the purpose of life, my friend. :) How about 
this..take a chance.. with deepest sincerity, pray and ask Heavenly Father 
if this is right, and if it doesn't work out, blame it on me. :) I mean it 
isn't really a gamble if you know, and through prayer you can know, because 
the God that I know answers prayers. ;)This was just what I needed after a rough day at work. :) Very uplifting, 
positive message!it's called faith. ;) if you had evidence and knew all things, what would 
be the purpose of life, my friend. :)We love being members of the Church of Jesus Christ of LDS, and we too are 
thankful for these wonderful messages!Jesus said that when You pray, be silent, and listen. So why do so many 
people pray out loud?I am so glad to be subscribed to these wonderful messages. No matter where 
in the world we live, these inspired messages can fill our homes, and our 
hearts with the Joy of Christ's love. It think if we want you tube to know 
how wonderful these messages are, we need to rate them with 5 stars and 
tell our friends and family to view these beautiful messages: )