Sorry everyone for that last message. God is there to answer all are 
prayers In many ways. It might not be immediately or even with direct 
revaluation, however he will help you in situations.



﻿I think all of us face are own trials in life but god will always answer 
are prayers may come in different forms, however he will always give us 
inspiration to fix are trials.﻿Hope is never lost and we are never alone. Our Father in Heaven is always 
there for us!﻿Beyond grateful I found this video <3﻿This is a great message. Thank you so very much for posting. It's helped me 
to understand a lot more about our burdens in life. Thanks again Mormon 
Channel. ﻿At 7:59... isn't a strait a channel?
Don't we need "straight" and narrow?﻿Very good insight of truth﻿God's miracles are great.﻿This video is perfect! So relieving to know I'm not the only man burdened 
by his load.﻿重荷は人を謙遜にさせてくれる神様の贈り物。Burden is a gift from God that makes us humble people.﻿I love this story. Struggling and bearing with challenges in our lives are 
essential in order to lead us on the true path for everlasting joy and 
happiness. I'm a teenager right now and it's very difficult going to school 
and having to hear profanity but I try to tell my friends not to curse and 
to stay away from inappropriate content on the internet, but I'm trying my 
best to apply the principles of our church upon my friends, hopefully doing 
so will help them with their lives. That is one of the challenges the Lord 
has given me in my life to gain spiritual strength, to be righteous, and to 
lead me on the path to great joy and happiness. ﻿As soon as the truck got stuck I knew by loading his truck with wood would 
increase his probability of getting out, however spiritual traction can 
only come from thinking for ourselves in Christ & importantly acting 
appropriately on those thoughts, apposed to waiting for God to do the 
thinking for us expecting a miracle, for it is we are the ones who we're 
waiting for.﻿Amazing ! I loved it ! God bless to whoever put this togheter !﻿I didn't get the message ﻿This story is actually my mission president from the Wisconsin Milwaukee 
Mission, Robert and Estella Wilkes. I'm assuming Elder Bednar knew them 
because Robert was a teacher at Ricks.﻿I was having a rough day and watching this video has uplifted me, I am in 
tears as I write this message. thank you Mormon Channel for this video!﻿couldnt have done it without a chevy...﻿Isn't that a sweet truck!﻿Loved this video!﻿Kelly McGonigal's TED talk "How to make stress your friend" is also a great 
insight into the topic of stress, and can be correlated to the gospel.﻿LOVE THIS VIDEO!!!﻿sweet chevy﻿I remember this talk.  It was from the April 2014 General Conference.  The 
name of the talk was "Bear Up Their Burdens with Ease" @2014﻿awesome analogy.  thank you for the video﻿This analogy helps me remember why life is hard at times. I know that life 
was never meant to be easy, we were sent here to earth to learn and to 
grow. It's true that life might be easier without a load but we would be 
missing out our potential. We truly are capable of so much more.﻿+Emily Suiter ﻿Awesome truck / parable ﻿This is a message for the world as we each need uplifted from time to time. 
﻿Anyone else have a rough day? The story in this video is simple and perfect 
for lifting someone up. :)﻿He does listen to the desire of our hearts.﻿Saved by physics! Additional weight will always help out a truck with rear 
wheel drive.﻿This video was so well done it helped to refresh my memory that I am here 
to learn & grow during my time on earth even in times of trial & 
discouragement in order to become like Heavenly Father & Jesus Christ.
It also reminded me of a time when me, my sister & her friend got stranded 
on a trip we made from our home in Illinois so that me & my sister's friend 
to school in Idaho. My sister was going so she could work in Utah. On the 
way we got stranded twice due to car problems it was late December shortly 
after Christmas during the dead of winter. The first time we were stranded 
was in the middle of Nebraska. Fortunately Heavenly Father heard our 
prayers sent sent us help in the former of some college students that 
passed us by & stopped to help. The second time we got stranded was late at 
night that same day (a Saturday) at a little gas station between Cheyenne & 
Laramie Wyoming. We called my dad who in turn suggested we call my grandpa 
who lived all the way across the state in Green River, WY. My grandpa & 
uncle traveled across the state when the free ways was about to be closed 
down due to winter blizzard. Heavenly Father helped us by hearing & 
answering our prayers for help both timess. He has heard & answered my 
prayers many times since, this has assured me he is there to look after me 
& my loved ones. We just need to have faith in him & listen to his counsel.﻿Wow, what a fantastic message about carrying our own load to get the full 
benefits of the Plan of Happiness.﻿Right when I think I'm all alone, and furthest from the Lord, something 
wonderful happens. These messages from the church are inspired, and help us 
all to gain a greater understanding of what the Lord would have us do. 
Amen.﻿I love this video. So timely for my current struggles.  Where did you get 
that truck (70's)?   Looks like it came off new from the showroom (loved 
the music you played on the radio - really put me back in time.)   The 
whole thing was so well done.﻿As soon as I saw the man and his truck, I recalled the Elder Bednar talk. 
 :-)﻿Ammon sent me here!@1sonofmosiah1 on Twitter

Good message from Elder Bednar﻿@1sonofmosiah1....aka Ammon sent me here!

Great message﻿May we all help each other with life's loads that we may find peace in our 
days and purpose to our lives.﻿This was a very nice video!﻿Although I love this video, the length makes it difficult to use in a 
lesson. Suggestion: Keep videos to 4-5 minutes max. I can always edit 
myself, great work!﻿The hardest thing is to recognize that burdens are essential for our 
happiness while we are facing them. I am glad we have Prophets and Apostles 
to remind us of this truth and these videos to gain the eternal picture to 
continue walking forward in life without giving up.﻿Great teaching!﻿I really enjoyed this. Thanks. ﻿Excellent. So grateful for comforting and instructive messages. ﻿Lindo video y buena enseñanza nos deja a todos!, saludos desde uruguay!﻿A good inspiring video.﻿I love this message! It came right on time, too <3﻿Chevy's they are always gettin stuck! Haha. But really I loved this 
inspiring message! May we all bear our burdens with hope on the Atonement!﻿And it's really hard...until we pray together.﻿