Come, hear a Prophet!﻿This is the most remarkable talk yet as it is indicative of a change in 
tone  towards faithful strugglers at the top level of the LDS church. In my 
opinion it recognizes and legitimizes that faithful members can have doubts 
(6:58) and yet remain welcome and appreciated in the Church !﻿Interesting﻿This church was restored under the direction of Jesus Christ. I am always 
amazed when people find out that I am a member, they tell me about every 
friend they have ever had that is a Mormon. There must be something special 
about those people who are never forgotten. I invite you to find out why. 
Corinne in HoustonThis church was not made under Jesus Christ! Christ raised up disciples and 
apostles to establish the church here on earth when he came! I have read 
Joseph Smith's testimony, and he said he was overtaken by darkness before 
God came. That darkness was the enemy, and the enemy deceived Joseph Smith.I was recovering from surgery, I felt really down & out not to mention 
pain. A nurse turned on my ROOM computer and I head President Uchtdorf's 
voice I was immediately uplifted.I am so grateful that I am a part of all this!Awesome! Great missionary tool!When he was giving this talk, I felt like he was talking to me. ......humble religious leader.This talk meant alot to me, i've shared this with many members no longer 
active, and im hoping i will see them this Sunday. To my dear children. At a quiet time, hear these words and let Christ in. I 
love youAs an Ex-Mormon, I have enjoyed many of Dieter F. Uchtdorf's recent 
conference talks. I have found them to be full of insightful wisdom on 
living a better life, and I feel that he has given good advice on how to 
live in harmony with those who don't share the same religious beliefs. I 
also feel this talk was given in a kind respectful manner, and I thank him 
for acknowledging that many people leave the church for honest, thoughtful 
reasons. I'll pass on the offer to come back, though. ;-) For the one who disliked the video I would like to know why ...Such an AMAZING talk he gave! I felt the spirit.Doubt you doubts before you doubt your faith. Quote of the decade'Come, join with us'.. What wonderful words :)Who down votes this?I personally found this to be among the very best and most spiritually 
uplifting invitation I've ever heard. Thank you President Uchtdorf.Faith is simply seeing what God sees. It's choosing God's way, even when 
things look differently in the natural. When you set your thoughts on 
higher things, you are looking at life through your eyes of faith and 
seeing what God sees. You may feel lonely today, but when you look higher, 
you see that God has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. As you 
study the scripture, you are setting your thoughts on higher things. You 
will see all of the amazing blessings. I love this talk. So much of the spirit can be felt. I want to share it 
with everyone. <3 "Come, join with us."