For those of you who are trapped within the tangled webs of pornography, I 
urge you to stop. Pornography will destroy you in every possible sense 
there is. Seek help! Get on your knees and plead with your Heavenly Father, 
in the name of your Savior Jesus Christ, to help you pull away from this. 
Have the faith and courage to consult with your parents about this issue, 
and talk about it with your Bishops. They can help lead and guide you out 
of it. I testify that you can be cleansed through the power of the 
atonement of Jesus Christ as you seek to overcome this iniquity.
When there is a moment of temptation to ever view pornography, that is when 
you need to seek a life-line. Pray for the power to overcome Satan. "Pray 
always, that you may come off conqueror; yea, that you may conquer Satan, 
and that you may escape the hands of the servants of Satan that do uphold 
his work." (D&C 10:5) The servants of Satan are both human agents, and 
those who followed him from the pre-mortal realm.﻿"Let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax 
strong in the presence of God;"

                                       -Doctrine and Covenants 121:45﻿Why was she bathing outside? o.O﻿OkThe saddest words to ever be penned "It might have been"This clip is so well scored! The music sets the scene so perfectly!Even one of the greatest could fall from the truck... Poor David.. =( It is 
sad that I have to learn this principle from his account.I like how they didn't show Bathsheba bathing, for obvious reasons, but 
that film-making reminds me of the Alfred Hitchcock technique of not 
showing everything (at least that's what I associate it with). And Elder 
Oaks' warning rings so true. David's vice led from bad to worse, resulting 
in the death of not only Uriah, but many other loyal soldiers of Israel. I 
learned that in my Old Testament class at BYU.A powerful speech and a great video (David is portrayed by a good friend of 
mine). Thank you for posting.