I enjoy this story from the Old Testament. Daniel and his brethren 
displayed a lot of courage to stand up for the covenants that they made 
with God, and they were exceedingly blessed for their obedience. Obedience 
brings blessings, and they were blessed with increased faith and knowledge. 
It takes faith to stand up for what you truly believe in. Daniel is a 
wonderful example to me to honor the covenants which I have made with the 
Lord. I am grateful to have the Scriptures, both ancient and modern, and 
their purpose in directing us towards the teachings of the Savior.﻿Moses was not a man to be challenged. He was not afraid to join his people 
as a slave. I admire Moses and hope some day to shake his hand.﻿from small and simple things can great things come to pass﻿Anyone know where I can find a cast listing of all the actors in this?﻿pls share link for the full movie.God bless u.﻿Nice teachings!﻿What a wonderful video presentation? But why cut my enjoyment mid way? You 
have to provide part 2 to complete the joy. ﻿In Daniel 2 God revealed great knowledge to King Nebuchadnezzar in a 
dream,The king was aware that this dream had great significance to both the 
King and mankind.The dream had gone from him,like dreams often do.The king 
knew that the true God in heaven through His true servant could  do the 
impossible,and that impossibility only the True and Living God could 
accomplish,and so he required it from the True and Living God that he might 
know. by this purpose,GOD Himself and so he could worship Him and all his 
people of Babylon.God understood the Heart of the King,and did not 
disappoint Nebuchadnezzer,in anyway but brought back the dream to his 
rememberance and the full interpretation of it.This our Heavenly Father did 
not just for King Nebuchadnezzer,or Babylon but for all the rest of 
mankind.As we now look back in history,it has all come to pass,including 
the coming of Jesus Christ,and a Kingdom that God would set up,represented 
by a stone cut out of the mountain without hands that wold roll forth until 
all men made Kingdoms would be destroyed or perish.But not so with The 
Kingdom of God on earth but amongst these Kingdoms God would set up a 
Kingdom like a small stone that would roll forth and grow until it filled 
the whole earth.And in the days  of these Kings shall the God of Heaven set 
up a Kingdom which shall never be destroyed,and the  Kingdom shall not be 
left to other people ,but it shall break into pieces and consume all these 
kingdoms,and shall stand forever.Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone 
was cut out of the mountain without hands,,and that it brake in pieces the 
iron,the brass,the clay,the silver,and the gold;the Great God hath made 
known to the King what shall come to pass hereafter;and the dream is 
certain,and the interpretation thereof sure.[ Daniel 2 : 43-45 ] The King 
answered unto Daniel,and said,Of a truth it is,that your God is a God of 
gods,,and a Lord of Kings,and a revealer of secrets,seeing thou couldest 
reveal this secret.[ Daniel 2 :47. ] The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints is the fulfillment of Daniel 2.Joseph Smith had it 
revealed unto him,that buried under a rock on the hill Cumorah was a secret 
trasure hidden,containing the  writings of an ancient civilization of the 
House of Israel seperated from there brethern in Jurusalem. The Book of 
Mormon is a record of God's dealings with His "Other Sheep that  He 
referenced to as recorded in [ John 10 :16 ] And other sheep I have,which 
are ot of this fold;them also I must bring,and they shall hear my voice;and 
there shall be one fold,and one shepherd.The membership of the church is 
already at 15,000.000.that's 15,000,000 that have turned to God,the 
revealler of secrets,to know if is true,as directed by Moroni,who sealed up 
the record and under divine direction hid it up.Who appeared to the 17 year 
old Prophet;and told him that the book was not yet ready to come forth,4 
years to the day,The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints,was made 
legal by 6 members on the 6 of April in the year of our Lord 1830.As 
promised by Moroni,the last remaining prophet,prior to his sealing and 
hiding up the book,wrote these prophetic words:{A testimony of the Book of 
Mormon comes by the Power of the Holy Ghost-----the gifts of the Spirit are 
dispensed to the faithful----spiritual gifts always accompany 
faith----Moroni's words speak from the dust---come unto Christ,be perfected 
in Him,and sanctify our souls. About { A..D.421}                           
                                                                      Now 
I,Moroni,write somewhat as seemeth me good;and I write unto my brethren,the 
Lamanites;and and I would that they should know than four hundred and 
twenty years have passed away since the sign was given of the coming of 
Christ.                 2 And I seal up these records,,after I have spoken 
a few words by way of exhortation unto you.                                 
                                                           3 Behold, I 
would exhort you than when ye shall read these things, if it be wisdom in 
God that you should read them,that ye would remember how merciful the Lord 
hath been unto the children of men,from the creation of Adam even down unto 
the time that you should receive theses things and ponder it in your 
hearts.                   4And when ye shall receive these things,I would 
exhort you that you would ask God the Eternal Father,,in the name of 
Christ,,if these things are not true,;and if shall ask with a sincere 
heart,,with real intent,having faith in Christ,He will manifest the  truth 
of it unto you,by the Power of the Holy Ghost.                             
                           5 And by the Power of  the Holy Ghost ye may 
know know the truth of all things.      ﻿Why cut is off in the middle? Whole family was like aaahhhhhh....when it 
stopped. O well.I also never accept the food what religious people offered I respectfully 
said no thanks.I am just reading about his dream... visionsGood vid. But where's the rest of it?Thanks for posting this Video! Many people will have dreams but when we 
direct with our path to God he will lead us back to him. in my life i had learned lots from the holy scriptures., this video invits 
me and all to study them deligently more every day. i can say that i dont 
know all the scriptures as yet. but i thank to mormon channel for the 
invitation to continue to study the holy scriptures. as it keep teching us 
great messages.Yes. This is the full thing. It's not part of a movie. A cliff-hanger. guess I'll have to go read the story in the bible to see 
how it ends.I love it.....the lord alway bless us when we are obedient to is 
commandment pls i need the full movie, can u pls upload the full movie?in the bible, "meat" means food in general, not necessarily flesh.I really like these vids but I wish they would show the "end" ...im in this video. @paqman87 that's what I thought, too! lol The king stole the show... good messageIs this the whole video?Is there any more of this video? Man I was just getting into it and then it 
disappears like the Kings dream. Can anyone tell me of this dream of mine 
to see the rest of it? BTW Daniel was a Dude, and so were his mates. That Nebuchadnezzar was fierceThese are really good. I just wish that they had the full story instead of 
only part of it.those kids look so american :) nice video tho :)I love this video. I just love how when Daniel speaks, you can tell that he 
knows that the Lord will support him. He makes the story come alive for me, 
because I can see in him all the other young men I know who stand up for 
what they believe in. I've always liked this story. Great version.