I cried﻿this made me cry﻿Well done and full of reverence. I'm happy to be a Christian and latter day 
saint. ﻿Is this in the book of mormon?﻿Beautiful ﻿Hi love this amen
﻿Whenever a new Bible Video is announced, I find an uncontrollable desire to 
watch it immediately, then I watch again and again.  I listen to the 
messages I find in my heart of their truth and the consummate beauty of His 
life and love. There is great power in these portrayals of the Son of God. 
 Thank you to all who contribute to their making.﻿I am a witnessed of His power when I was a missionary of The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.its possible it was but due to the translation of the bible and certain 
excerpts that where constantly taken out we have no way of knowing I agree : ) These videos are very inspirational--love the antiquity in the filming. Todo viene directamente/exactamente como esta escrito en Hechos 3:1-8 en el 
Nuevo Testamento de la Biblia. Espero que esto te ayude. Just a question: why wasn't it done by the laying on of hands?I have witnessed great healing in those who have healed me and in those 
I've seen healed, all by the power of the Priesthood. Heavenly Father is 
blessed. liI loved JESUS with all my heart full of grace. I think this is one of the better shorts from the LDS Bible series, and the 
crippled man's entrance to the temple was a beautiful imaginingThat was an amazing performance, coupled with the Spirit of God!Beautiful! I loved seeing the man dance after he found his feet and legs to 
be whole — and the smiles from Peter and John at seeing the man's happiness.A great inspirationQuem Crê, Verá A Gloria De Deus! Ontem , Hoje E Sempre!What you're suggesting, to say "Hesus," would actually make Jesus' name 
sound more like Spanish (Espanol) or a similar Latin American dialect. The 
Hebrew form of "Jesus" is actually "Yesua" (pronounced "Ye-shwa.") Just 
thought I'd clarify. It is incredible what faith can doThis is so beautiful! Thank you for sharing it with us.Faith precedes Miracles...for with God nothing is impossible. Very well done. Thank you for producing these faith-filled and inspiring 
videos to strengthen our testimonies of the Savior. como puedo verlo subtitulado ?? gracias BeautifulThe priesthood, which is God's power given to men for the blessing of His 
children, is on the earth today. It was lost after the deaths of the Twelve 
Apostles and was restored to mankind by those same Apostles by commandment 
of Jesus Christ to the prophet Joseph Smith. I know that this power is real 
and blesses people everywhere when those who have it live righteously and 
keep God's commandments. 