Those first three people actually showed up in a different Mormon Message.﻿I wish I could talk to the model girl. She seemed to have a powerful 
insight into things I don't understand, but am looking for. And she seemed 
so.... I don't know the word. Strong and intelligent are certainly helpful 
words to use though. ﻿There is hope for each one of us.﻿See John 7:17 - " 17 If any man will do his will, he shall know of the 
doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself." You can 
connect with Jesus by following His commandments. Keep at it - sometimes it 
takes some time to finally cross that threshold, but once you do - it's 
undeniable.You're awesome dude, thanks so much for your comment. Agreed.Virginia, you probably felt the Spirit of the Lord, who testify in your 
heart, that this things are truth. he will be there for you in your darkest hour he hasn't forgotten you!he is the way the truth and the light!Well, @Virginia H. in my opinion is because of the Holy Spirit, look for 
the missionaries, tell them about your fellings while your'e listening 
about these mormon messages i bet you might have seen some missionaries 
[you know white shirts ties and a little black name tag with white letters 
that says"The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Days Saint" so go ahead. 
Thats the best advice I can give to anyone. ;) Jesus Christ lives and he is the apitamy of love <3 the spirit wraps around 
you like a hug! we are of worth and God loves us! <3 :D so inspirational <3 
:DYou're bragging proves you're either lying or exaggerating. You can! <3My belief was stirred when I hugged a dog that was distressed, frightened 
and alone, I spent a few minutes giving it love that I truly wanted to 
because my heart was broken at its suffering. The dog reacted so intensely 
to this, that I knew right there that Love in its simplest form, transforms 
everything, and that is not organic, but it comes from Jesus Christ. The 
dog now lives with me, and she is so happy and content it gives me joy. I 
pray now for all things that are suffering, every day. I've been saying it for yrs. JESUS LIVES. He's alive and well. JESUS lives 
in HIS glorious Heaven. Let satan remain forever in his self made hell. 
Good riddance!Wow i'm so proud of you that you were able to quit, and you are moving in a 
positive direction! I know that Jesus is happy for you too. you can do it! have faith, and just offer everything to him. I've often 
found that when i just pore out my heart to God in prayer in a private 
place,no distractions, that as you are praying to Him, you will feel 
comforted by the Holy Ghost, and you will feel the light of Christ within 
you.He wants so badly to connect with you too.If you don't feel it the 
first time, keep praying, daily. It will happen, because i was in the same 
situation.I know you will have a very special connection with Jesus.awesome testimonies..i dnt know what to say..that .. awesome 
testimonies..bout God..what an awesome God we have..amen..I have been there and I know what the darkness feels like. It is awful. I 
have recommitted myself to God the Father and Jesus Christ, and my light 
has started to shine within me. It is now starting to radiate from me. What 
a gift! stop in think What impresses me most about this message is that these people found 
happiness in Christ, and the greatest blessings they had ever known, at 
perhaps the time of greatest sorrow in their lives. The love of God for all 
of His children is matchless. This message reminds me of the second half of 
chapter 5 of the book of Helaman in the Book of Mormon. A group of about 
three hundred people who were living in sin began to have faith in Christ 
and subsequently received blessings beyond description.Only wish I could connect with Jesus. Just one time.Well, considering your comment is over a year old, you may have forgotten 
what you have said. However, you may not have recognized it, but the love 
of Christ was there helping you along.Simply put - it' the Spirit of God.Wonderful!we all need his loveWhy is it that every time I watch one of your videos, I start crying or 
smiling uncontrollably? @m1stersawdust But then why are you watching videos on Christ? I watch this video in my times of doubt and sadness, and sometimes, it's 
the only thing that can cheer me up.@dzpisx and @AnneBrad9. I agree with both of you. Praise the Lord for His 
grace and love for sinners, like me - whom He rescued through His death on 
the cross AND rising from the grave on the third day.I recently had trouble with the church, not that I did anything bad, but I 
just found myself feeling alone and asking if the Mormon religion was true. 
That same day, my YW teacher showed us this video. When I got home I took a 
walk, even though it was snowing, and I went and sat on a bench and prayed. 
I prayed for a good ten minutes, and there was no doubt in my mind about 
Jesus Christ.@dzpisx - I agree with you, dzpisx. Great comment. Thank you for your 
wisdom.Gorgeous. I'm not a mormon, but we all can agree Jesus is Lord. Let's 
forget our differences and come together as one body of Christ in humble 
repentance and selfless love.Thank you for perfectly describing what I feel. As a convert I try my best 
to describe the absolute darkness that I was in before coming to this 
church, a darkness that nearly drove me to take my own life. I am so 
grateful for the light of Christ! I love when Brother Sal mentioned getting 
the call from his daughter - that she wanted her Father back. Because that 
is exactly what all of us have done as children of God. Kneel down and 
pray, and ask for our Father back. :)Very touching, Thank you for these testimonies! Thank you for making this video. And please tell those in this video thank 
you for sharing their stories and testimonies.How can I find these brothers? I'd be glad to meet them.I know that god lives and that Christ is our savior. I know that the 
prophet is lead by God and that the Word of Wisdom will help us progress I 
know that the book of mormon is as real as the bible in jesus name amenthank you for this inspiring message i truly love Jesus Christ and Heavenly 
father im going to stay strong in the church with all my heart and 
soul...the spirit of god is so realI was hopelessly addicted to methaphetamine... And I quit.... I did it 
without Jesus, because Jesus is a myth. I have had three wonderful kids. I 
know inner peace, and Im a positive member of society, and I help others... 
All without Jesus!@Joeshmo53 I liked your message brother. It certainly helped me, and I'm 
sure I'm not the only one. Thanks. Take care. "Men are that they may have joy." Every choice we make is made in the 
search for happiness. We choose to be respectful around our mothers because 
it makes mothers happy, which makes us happy. We may choose to drink and 
say disgusting, "funny" things around our friends, because it makes them/us 
happy. We drink alcohol to free us from our pain, and to find a more happy 
place. We stop drinking alcohol to find a more happy place. Figuring out 
what makes us truly happy is the meaning of life. IMHOI was given another chance to look at my life for the purpose of living it 
wisely and with more compassion. Thank you for putting this together. It is 
wonderfully expressed. The truth is Jesus and his Word.I know Christ lives, and I know that is is hard to overcome temptation. I 
have a very bad problem, but by watching and listening to these Mormon 
Messages, I feel like I can overcome anything. I feel like I am worthless 
when I look at bad pictures, and I really want and need to stop. I know 
Satan wants more than anything to make us fail. But I tell myself that I 
will not let God or Jesus down, and I will triumph over evil. I felt 
inspired to write this, and I hope this helps someone out there. @hwtdhqdtyqu Good words from you, French guy. Merci! Vraiment, c'est 
magnifique! Un petit mot français pour dire que cette Eglise est la vraie. J'aime cette 
Eglise, elle est magnifiquement simple et simplement magnifique. Just a 
little word from a french guy. I like this Church. it's so truethis is just wonderful!! As they testify of what they know to be true you 
can definitely feel of the spirit.Hearing their testimonies strengthens 
mine as i know that only through the Savior i can be saved. I know that the 
Church Of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints is Christ's church on the earth 
today. This gospel just brings so peace to my heart. I cherish my 
membership :) @normeeh thank you for reminding me of that! You made my day!!! :DI have this WARM feeling inside........although I know what it is, it's 
AMAZING EVERY time!!!!!!!!!! People remember to shine your light! It may be 
week, it may be small, but it's still light nonwtheless. ANY light is a 
wonderfull reminder in this ever-darkening world! :DThat is what Christ's love is all about... Helping those that need it most. 
Even when they felt unworthy of his love. He reaches out to us ALL we just 
need to stop to listen.@NancyToday Totally agreed! The longer you stay in the darkness the more 
intense yearning you have for returning to Light!im non denominational and im in love with this video, and christ, thank you 
for sharing this!Wow"The worth of souls is great in the sight of God" Love love love this video!I think it's only because I have seen and been trapped in the darkness that 
I was able to appreciate the light when I finally came out into it!It is a wonderful video! Thank you for having it captioned. It really 
helped me to understand fully what are their messages. @roger7328 You can do it! If you have the desire to come unto him, and even 
the tiniest speck of faith, he will aid and enable you! He is waiting and 
longing to help you!! His love for you is pure and perfect! "Come unto me, 
all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my 
yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye 
shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is 
light." @spartan349 Heavenly spartan, heavenly. It is original work produced for 
this video. I agree with you, it is beautiful. Just like the gospel of 
Jesus Christ. @dogbadgereye Me too badger, me too. I've been so lost and I can now feel 
His love around me. @UnofficialCSChurch Well, just a thought but perhaps you could make this 
your church and then your church would be making videos like this. However, 
please let me offer this sincere suggestion: Please give yourself a chance 
to learn about the Book of Mormon, that it is another testament of Jesus 
Christ. Please come worship with us. We are human but you can know for 
yourself that you will find the Savior in His church. You can know that it 
is true; and also receive the strength to do it! @RUSSKAYAG That is pretty cool to know. Do you have a reference on where 
you got that study? I would like to know. Thanks.poorfavor subtitulos para los videos en español.. gracias hermanosBased on numerous experiments it's been proven that the sound of a prayer 
cleanses your aura aka the energy around you allowing for the positive 
energy to come in. A prayer has an immaculate mental, physical and 
emotional cleansing ability. It's also proven that phenomena of faith 
affects human brain in the most positive way-such people have less stress, 
less tension or anxiety.Fantastic. Im a grown man and Im crying. Im so grateful for my Savior and His 
unconditional love.@laskara1 I too have went through similar thing in my life. But the day 
when I was sentenced to jail I knew where ever I would go, the words of the 
Lord and His spirit would be there for me, the testimony and scriptures did 
bring a lot of comfort to me when I needed. To be honest, my prison time 
was also the trail of my faith in Jesus Christ. Now few years later, I am 
blessed with a job and the best animal friend I ever ask for. There will be 
more trying time ahead for you, yet God be with you!Que inspirador y reconfortante, las palabras de cambio y esperanza.A REAL GIFT FOR MESimply beautiful--the Savior gives all of us a second chance and offers all 
of us the Way back to His presence with our families, for eternity.There's nothing more comforting to me than to know that there IS such thing 
as a "second chance" in God's eyes. And nothing confirms that more than 
Jesus' Christ, the Son of God, and his life and Atonement for us. Us the 
world, and more importantly, us as individuals.I want to say thank you to Jesus Christ, my Savior.Thanks... This is very inspiring :) Jesus Christ really lives and loves 
us...GREAT VIDEO...LOVED IT!beautiful. just beautiful. these testimonys have brought the christmas 
spirit into my heart. thank you!Absolutely beautiful! I have been touched and realize that I need to ask 
for God's help in my life. Amazing, i love to hear people talk about how they found Jesus our Lord. 
God bless you all who watch this video and read this comment.awsome awsome awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Thank you for share this kind of messages help me to remenber who really areThank you I really appreciate your testimonies to the world... I have 
always had a hard time expressing my experience of Christs healing hands in 
my life. In sharing your testimonies you have built mine. I pray that all 
those who are lost in darkness will humbly kneel and pray and let Christs 
light fill that void. I want to thank the Savior for all things, big and small, that He has given 
me. Sometimes I didn't even realize it until later. I have felt God's love 
for me. He's always there, waiting for us to open our hearts to Him. That's 
a great feeling to know that no matter what, Heavenly Father will always 
love us. And that all our trials and experiences, are meant to help us 
grow. I love that. I love Him! :)very inspiring =)Alguem poderia por favor, fazer uma tradução ou acrescentar uma legenda?!! 
obrigado!!!This is a beautiful reminder. :)My makeup just got ruined... too much crying... (Which is also why I banned 
myself from wearing makeup and fast and testimony sunday!)"There is an eternal plan here" and it is amazing. Jesus Christ is our 
Savior and our Lord. Praise him, worship him and accept his love. Follow 
him...he lives. He is the truth and light of our lives. Merry Christmas and 
thank you for a beautiful presentation.I Believe in Jesus Christ but is very dificult to come back. thanks for 
this messages:')No greater peace or happiness can be found, than through the greatest gift 
the world will ever know.on a day where everything seems so dark, thank you for your testimonies on 
light, change and repentance. I believe you. I believe in Jesus Christ. Talk about inspiring! I have totally felt that feeling before. They 
described it the same way I would. The only way you can describe it is a 
warm feeling, or like the girl said, a hug. I liked that, I have not heard 
that one before. I know that Christ lives and for everyone who might have a doubt...ask, 
pray humbly, seek God and you will receive an answer... Have a Merry 
Christmas and praise and thank God for His Son's Eternal Sacrifice for 
those who come unto Him!