Thank you President Thomas S Monson for being a prophet on earth. Blessings 
from Heaven to you forever.
I am a member of LDS Church, Hispanic branch but with God's help through 
your powerful messages, I will become stronger and better in years to come. 
Marcos Ly from SC, USA.﻿We may stand alone but miracles happen when we are firm and don't give up 
on those who we are inspired to share with.............I testify I have 
never known so much love from so many people who share my belief ....When 
we stand alone in Principle among a group of those who reject or have not 
learned of the gospel, then courage and faith is what we will need. Thank 
you for your words Prophet. A very wise man. Regardless of his religion, these are wise words.i love this guy!!! He is absolutely right. We may stand alone against people in this world, 
but Our Heavenly Father is always with us, even if other people are not. We 
must always stand up for what believe in. When we have help from our 
Heavenly Father that is more than enough help, because we always know that 
we are going to win the victory. His guidance is all you need. God Bless 
All Of You......Thank you President Monson. Inspiring, helpful, and true. its an option when you hit 19 years of age you have the choice to go on a 
mission where you spread the gospel as a missionary if you do you cannot 
call home unless it is an emergency the only way to communicate with them 
is by email you cannot watch normal tv only church related itemsWhen I was a girl, there was not the ubiquitous plethora of vulgar and 
immoral garbage that pervades today. Our youth is under constant and 
relentless assault of which I speak. Daring to stand alone is hard, but it 
is even harder to separate ones self from an addiction. Our youth are 
tomorrow's leaders and lawmakers. Pres. Monson is correct. He is truly 
God's Prophet and I bless him for this talk.The Gospel is true. President Monson is a prophet of God. I know this 
independent of anyone on the earth because God Himself has told me so by 
the power of the Holy Ghost. He has directed me and guided me, and He has 
led me aright every time. Trust in that Spirit, it will lead you aright. 
Joseph Smith was a prophet, the Book of Mormon is the word of God. Most of 
all, God lives and Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God, the Savior of the 
world, and He lives.Gracias Presidente Monson por sus mesajes tan inspiradores. @ziekesx Those who really pay attention to the Gospel, the scriptures, and 
to the Prophet's teachings know this and those who believe and ask in God 
through Jesus Christ can know this as well..@camouflagelane Glad you're standing up for yourself and your belief! My 
name is Christian and I am an LDS member as well.. I live in the Pacific, 
but the Gospel has no bounds.. I'll be leaving on my mission soon and I 
hope you seek to do the same.. As long as you have faith and trust in 
Christ, he will protect and guide you and continue to listen to the church 
leaders' words for guidance! Stay strong and read the scriptures often, the 
guidance of the Holy Ghost will help you in doing so.I am currently taking an Acting class because it is a career that I am 
considering. My teacher said that if you are uncomfortable swearing that it 
may not be a good career. I told her I was a Latter-Day Saint. I have not 
had any roles that have required me to swear.I am almost 54 yrs old a baptisted Mormon, why, oh why am I still pondering @PuddlesMcNiggley That's because revelation may change according to the 
time and needs of God in relation to the time and needs of His children. 
Take for example the Law of Moses. It was indeed revelation, but it was 
meant for, and needed by the children of Israel at that time. Christ's 
coming fulfilled that law and revelation. And so new revelation, continuing 
guidance, was given, for the time that had come. It wasn't meant to destroy 
what had come before, but build upon it. Time goes on still.@Michael52176 October 2011 President Monson is right: when you stand up for what you believe in, you 
will stand in the presence of God.I love that man!