thanks so much for this video!! through this i can bring more friends to 
institute. :))I really needed to see this! I'm about to be a senior in high school, and 
I've been wondering how I could increase my faith and knowledge of the 
Scriptures during all the college stuff going on. Institute is such a 
wonderful idea, I'm so grateful for it! Thank you!I founded a family here!!I'm enjoying Institute so much! I have a stronger testimony now, a funny 
gospel teacher who really cares about his students, tons of amazing friend 
and I'm even dating a returned missionary! Institute is perfect, I'm having 
the best years of my life! =DIndeed. Institute is a vital part of life, especially for a student, no 
matter where you are.Yep. That's institute. It really is a vital part of life no matter where 
you go.Go BYU!!! Totally explains Seminary & Institute WAY better than I ever could. Plus 
the Pop Art is cool!i love the institute, i dont know what i would do without it! praise be to 
the institute because without it i would surely perish. Blessed be Elohim 
that tells me what to do in order for me to become a god after death! 
hallelujah Institute has made all the difference for me! Even though I sometimes don't 
feel like going, when I leave my Institute activities and classes I always 
feel so much better about life!Attending institute is one way to enter God's rest! That is a promise! I am 
32 and married already but I still attend and enjoy the activities. ^^,Good video! Institute is truly an inspired program!"staying connect to what is really important" The beauty of Institute. every Seminary should show this!I can't wait for institute next year! :) My older sister had so much fun!Great video! Thanks!Right when i was thinking about this particular choice :)Wow, I think this video about the LDS Institute is quite inspiring! I am a 
Mormon who is right now at a Community College, and I wasn't really given 
much information about it until I saw this clip. I hope I can attend it 
soon so I can be a part of that and build my testimony even stronger! 
Thanks for the video for us to watch!