Nice to hear a nice soprano voice ... and not too close to the mike either 
:)﻿what a voice! So powerful!﻿best.song.ever. that is all﻿I have heard this piece of rebecca over and over again. Its always better 
everytime. Thank you mourmon tabernacle choir. Your music is touching lives 
every day. including mine. May the good Lord continue to shower his 
blessings on your church and its members. May your tribe increase ! 
 MABUHAY !﻿Perfect. Beautiful.﻿I am truly grateful for this video. When I came home early from my mission 
due to a medical condition, I remember feeling so down, so low, so ,much 
like nothing. I felt my Saviors love through this song, as she sang it. 
Such a pure and virtuous soul and voice. It was like an angel sending a 
message to me from my Father in Heaven. All he wants is for us to love Him, 
thats all He asks for. Anywhere we go, he'll go to. So sweet, so precious. 
Thank youhow grateful we are for the blessings we receive....such as inspiring songs 
such as this! beautiful indeed!!Found this this week, it took my breath away, truly wonderful talent and 
beauty in voice and appearance. so rushing.. who's chasing her? Beautiful! a loving song.Wow....Magnificentwonderful..Beautiful! Sorry, but far too technical - just my expression... A gorgeous song, a glorious orchestra and a lovely lady with a superb voice 
who is shining with the joy of her craft...what great Sunday viewing! Thank 
you!It just doesn't get any better than this.She's simply magnificent! I usually prattle on, but there's nothing left to 
say but thanks for uploading! Beautiful !!Sem palavras, apenas lagrimas de tanta espiritualidade...magnifico!!!simply uplifting What a great timbre.How wonderful,beautiful and inspiring-God's tribute to his current Prophet 
on Earth.without wordsI had the privilege to see Ms. Luker as Christine in Phantom back in 1989; 
never really heard of her until then, but after hearing that wonderful 
voice, I tried to see her in all her later work. The two best were in 
"Darling of the Day" and at the 92nd St Y with Sheldon Harnick. Brilliant, spectacular. I listened to her 3 times.Maravilloso!! beautiful interpretation. fabulous voice