@Christofferson your father would rather go without food than iron his own 
clothes #admirable﻿I am surprised by judgmental comments on this video about a husband's 
sacrifice for his wife. I cannot imagine any woman I know being content 
with not being able to contribute to their family. We should not morally 
indict others who had different understanding of parental roles during 
their life back then, than you do in your life today. The message of this 
video is beautiful for any woman, and that is a man has a role to give of 
themselves to be a loving husband.﻿Amen Cutting the grass, edging it with shears, pulling the weeds. Bringing 
in the laundry from the lines, I was nwever qualified to hang the laundry 
on the line just bring it in and fold it.You can be strong and independent without having to be a feminist. Women 
are just as important as a Man in a marriage, but each have their own 
responsibilities as a parent. Labeling ourselves is a form of separation, 
we are supposed to come closer together as a Heavenly Family, not come up 
with reasons and labels to make ourselves different. We all know we each 
have our own talents and lives, there is no need to put labels on it giving 
reinforcement to our separation from others.You can be strong and independent without having to be a feminist. Women 
are just as important as a Man in a marriage, but each have their own 
responsibilities as a parent.There is diversity in human nature, but when it comes to the Gospel, there 
is only one way to live it righteously. I've seen many things in this world 
today, through my service in the Army and outside of the military. Claims 
of feminism are hopefully misplaced because that is an admission that you 
don't need a man or the Priesthood in your life. I believe that you are a 
strong woman and have endured much, but you cannot complete God's plan 
without the Priesthood in your life.I see some contention among the comments on here. Why are so many people on 
here so quick to judge? This father did everything he could including 
making sacrifices in order to provide for his family. When did life become 
all about finding fault in someone's actions instead of seeing the good, 
the love, the kindness, the Christlike behavior that it seems some on here 
have lacking in their hearts. It isn't any of our places to judge, we are 
all imperfect and can each be judged as well.I should have given him more credit for skipping lunch. But just as I was 
maybe too quick to judge the husband, I think many of you are too quick to 
judge the wife. We too often romanticize the past and look at is as if 
people were all the same when they weren't. I'm a member, a single mother, 
and a feminist. The church is diverse today and it was diverse then too. So 
let's not assume that ironing was so important to her self worth (which 
shouldn't be defended anyway). That's not fair. Perhaps, instead, he wanted to her to be able to maintain her self worth 
and self esteem by allowing her to continue to be a productive member of 
the family, rather than cause her to feel helpless by doing the work for 
her. Never underestimate the value of work in helping a soul feel valued.He skiped one meal a day for a YEAR. As a person who works with disabled 
people they feel better able themselves and productive when helping she was 
trying to keep the pain from here husband and children because she wanted 
to do it, herself she wanted to be the homemaker because that's what 
brought her joy as a mother. Yes from a 21st centery mind it seems silly 
but to her it was her world and for him to do that so she could have the 
fulliment in her life was selfless of him. Because relationships are strengthened through service. Because they were a 
team, she willingly ironed the shits. Why would he deprive her of the 
opportunity to serve? What he did was create value for her in return. 
Exchange creates wealth.Relationships are strengthened through service. Because they were a team, 
she willingly ironed his clothes. Why would he deprive her of the 
opportunity to serve? There is nothing wrong with allowing others to serve 
us. It is pride that makes us want to deprive others of the opportunity to 
serve us. The best response when we are served through great sacrifice is 
not to do those things for ourselves, but to seek ways in which we can 
serve them in return. This strengthens the relationship.because he had a job, so he probably didnt have timeMaybe he was at work and doing other household chores?If you don't get something in this life it doesn't matter,you will get a 
lot in the other life,so it has been told from our Lord.Maybe he was working all day and night trying to pay the medical bills ...mayhaps he thought that by doing so, he'd make her feel bad about herself 
and unable to do the stuffs that should she used to doClearly you haven't met a Mormon mother. Clearly you've never tried to get 
a Mormon mother to stop being helpful and productive. If he said he didn't 
care if his shirts were wrinkled, she wouldn't have listened. If he tried 
to get up early and iron before she ironed, she would have ironed the 
clothes a day earlier. Mormon mothers are going to help you out no matter 
how much you fight it. They're stubborn like that. Love you mom!It's more the principal of sacrifice. He wasn't doing it to say woman iron 
my clothes, maybe it was something she really wanted to do. Men and Women 
both have pride and maybe she didnt wanna feel worthless. Just my thought, 
I come from a family of 5 girls (including my mom) and no brothers. My mom 
was very independant and liked to do things her way. Even with her recent 
knee surgery she gets super antsy if we do things for her cause she doesnt 
like to feel worthless. Just a thought.or maybe teaching the boys how to do the ironing, give them some chores…I 
don’t know, just sounds a bit sexist for my 21st century ears.I think he should have used the chance to teach the “boys” to do the 
ironing, give them some chores…The Gospel of what?So he skipped one meal a day. Nothing big here and does not seem like a 
HUGE sacrifice to do so.What call? He could iron his own shirts.Aren't we quick to judge here, eh? The man went without his lunch money for 
a year so he can buy an iron machine for his wife and you're condemning him 
for not helping? Just because it was not mentioned does not mean he didn't 
ask if he could help or that he didn't help at all. Perhaps he did not want to leave his wife feeling useless and without 
purpose in the home. I am sure there were plenty of times he did help her.There is no way a mother of 5 boys could go without working, using her 
right hand, indefinitely like that. I, too, had a grave injury as a young 
mother and I insisted on doing as much as I was capable of with my family 
for my own mental health. You would do the same if it prevented you from 
doing your chosen career well, you would do your best possible and not want 
help. It's great her family respected her right to struggle, too. Maybe 
you'd have to live this yourself to understand. I second the mentioned comment, I pray I can to the same standards. This 
individual is truly priceless. Thank you for sharing your inspirational 
story.What a beautiful story! :) Made me feel the spirit SO strong :) I thought 
at first his father was thinking that she'd be happier if she could serve 
(by ironing shirts) & then I found out that the mother was making a painful 
sacrifice to iron even after such pain. Then we find out the father was 
sacrificing his lunches it shows what good relationships should be about 
too, sacrifice & teamwork, overall love. Reminded me of the movie 17 
Miracles where the man gave up his food for his fiance. I pray that I can live up to the same standards!Why didn't he, or his father, do the ironing? Genuinely confused about this.As will I, I think it would make life a lot easier and a lot happier. He watched his wife suffer for three months and he never once said hmmmm 
maybe I could do the ironing? He may not have had time or known how. Taking this away from her would be a 
message to her that she wasn't good enough (though he certainly would not 
have meant that). I imagine he may have still helped, but he couldn't have 
done it forever, hence the machine.love itI'm betting one of his sons told him about it, as he would have been at 
work during the day.Amen to that. How come his Dad doesn't iron the shirts for her mother?Let us heed the call :)! I hope I can a man the my future wife would love to be with. Does someone just go around and dislike these videos without watching them 
or something? I thought the same thing but then maybe she didn't want to seem useless. 
especially in the olden days way of thinking Oorah! That is the manner of man we all should strive to be, even like 
Jesus Christ. Hopefully I can get there someday sooner rather than later. 
I'm trying. I guess that's what being a man means, choose your course and 
stay true to it despite the setbacks, trials, and variables. It is doable!As a Buddhist I find this message true...and worthwhile.we got to remember that life is a time of learning and time of prove 
ourselfs to our father in heaven. as long as we do our best in keeping the 
commandments and do all we can do. he will bless us and help us to overcome 
lifes trials. we all need to follow the greatest example who is our savior 
and redeemer JESUS CHRIST. and we will be crown with eternal life and be in 
the precene of our father in heaven once more to go out no more.This really inspires me to be a good man for my familyIf he loved her enough to go without lunch for a year, I'd imagine he would 
have done everything he could. Maybe he only heard about her pain from the 
kids, and there was too much ironing to be done between getting home and 
sleeping any. Boundaries between what women and men did were larger back 
then. Perhaps he didn't know to iron, and perhaps she wouldn't let him do 
it. Despite the story's confusion, the observed character of the man would 
not point to laziness or pride.You do know that Mormons are Christians too right?This was heartwarming in its sentiment, but really misguided. Why didn't 
the husband and five boys do their own ironing?No, people dislike the video because a REAL man wouldn't let his wife cry 
in pain for a year just so he wouldn't have to do his own ironing. How can 
anyone find this heartwarming? Or......he could have done his own ironing so his wife didn't suffer 
excruciating pain? Just a thought.....Mormons are ChristiansWas there any reason one of those 5 boys couldn't have learned to iron? My 
mother taught all of her children to help out.This video touched me. It was a good video up until you mentioned Jesus "sacrificing his life". 
When you sacrifice something, you give it up. For good. You can't sacrifice 
your life if you know you're going to come back to life three days later. 
It completely ruins the concept of a sacrifice. For example, the speakers 
father never got his missed lunches back, did he? THAT was a sacrifice. I'm a former Mormon, and although I no longer believe in the church, 
priesthood etc.., I still appreciate values like these. remember that how a 
couple/partnership decides to divide up their gender roles is up to them, 
and try not to pass judgement if they choose to live their lives 
differently then yours.search "flecks of gold" the end is just like this, little acts of serviceWhat, did HE have broken arms? Why couldn't HE iron his own clothes? How 
does this show Christlike love? So he made her iron for over a year, knowing that it hurt her so much that 
she cried, rather than just doing HIS own ironing himself? Did he make her 
continue to do the dishes and cook for the family as well?Or maybe his father could have done the ironing, saving his cancer stricken 
mother a year of pain.If he knew his wife was crying everyday, why not 1) iron his own clothes, 
2) use the lunch money to hire someone to iron the clothes for them or 3) 
buy the machine on credit instead of making the wife suffer a whole YEAR? 
Real men can iron their own clothes. No need to make a video and cry over 
it. ...Or he could have just ironed the clothes himself. Be a real man, and iron your shirts yourself if your wife is in so much 
pain! Now that's the kind of man I want.What a profound message. I have so much to improve upon. He's right you 
know. A man does everything he must to care for his family at all times. 
Sometimes we forget this. I know I value my relaxation time a bit too much. 
Making the family sacrifice because I don't want to work harder. I love my 
family. I need to work harder for them. Perfect way to start my Sabbath 3It's like a self confidence thing. My grandma has been blind now for maybe 
six years. When she first went blind, she still tried to iron her families 
clothes and would not let anyone else do it. I don't know why... guess 
that's how girls work :)I will be the man my future wife (wherever she is) deserves to be happy 
eternally with.Perfect comment.Ah, yes, welcome to youtube. People dislike videos because they dislike 
those who produce them, or there was perhaps a continuity error, or the 
soundtrack mismatched, the editing too cliche, or they did not like the 
script. I didn't notice any of these myself. I loved the video. I shared it 
on FB. Just go on loving it, too, and don't be so concerned about what 
others think.I LOVE mormon messages!! They are so uplifting especially in times that we 
need them most.im agnostic but this vid was very touchingi like how he gave this talk when he was a seventy but they changed his 
calling on the video because he's an apostle now. kinda funnyHaha, the good news is we are too. And I agree. :) "Let us be men, even as 
He is."I remember my mother spending hours at the ironing board. This was before 
permanent press fabrics.It was tricky work and very dangerous for young 
children to do. My Dad was a farmer and had long exhausting hours in the 
fields. Different time and different circumstances. . . . just sayin. :-)Wow can't we all lean something from this? It made me tear up! To those 54 
people that pressed dislike, how can you do that? This is charity to it's 
fullest! Why wouldn't they just iron the shirts themselves? just sayin.@efrasier1989 thank you, nice to know I'm not the only one who was 
wondering that....I shared this video with my Facebook friends today. I felt it was very 
appropriate in light of recent news stories. this is good...but I can't help wondering why for so long he witnessed the 
pain of his wife while saving the money instead of ironing the clothes 
himself. wow , i cried a lot ... it was great  Does a parent not know their own child. We are all children of God and 
some day we will go back to our father in heaven You say your getting old 
and you re old. You are never alone the Heavenly father never leaves us and 
when you have the Holy Ghost in your heart . they are always beside you 
every step of the way. As a Sister in Christ I hope this answered your 
question. May The love of god come forth and show you his love for you 
always. I say these things in Jesus Christ Amen. im christian but these videos are very...touching i guess.How great is it, in the world today where manliness is portrayed so often 
with only big muscles, fornication, and drunkenness, to have an example of 
what being a true man really is all about. A true man helps others, is 
unselfish, and is faithful to his family and commitments. A true man 
follows the example of Jesus Christ to the best of his ability.@GospelPrinciples101 God knows each of us personally and he loves us no 
matter what. He created each and every one of us and he watches over us 
all. I don't know how it's possible for him to watch over everyone but I 
know it is. The only way I know how to explain how it's possible for him to 
know and remember all if us is that he is a god, not a human.@BlackHurricane714 Sometimes the real gift isn't taking away the work from 
the person you love, but instead enabling them so they are strong enough to 
do it. I think that's often the way God helps us. :) @GospelPrinciples101 Time is not to God what it is to us. He had an 
eternity to get to know and love you, and He does love you individually and 
knows you. He knows how you feel and He is there for you and cares for you. 
I have felt alone, and then found that God was there for me, and by my own 
experience I know that God knows us each individually and personally, and 
so He loves you.@BlackHurricane my point exactly. @BlackHurricane714 and others, your solution would work today. Many men can 
make time, with permanent press clothing requiring only light touch-up 
ironing, and more importantly, shorter work hours. This would have been at 
least 50 years ago, and I suspect his vet father worked much more than a 40 
hour week. My dad and grandpa worked very long hours compared to today. 
What he COULD do, however, was go without lunch to provide an appliance 
useful in assisting with work.@LiclBand so?This made me cry and think of my wonderful, kind, loving boyfriend and how 
one day I want to go to church with him and however many kids we decide to 
have and feel complete ♥ =)As a woman watching this, I encourage every man to be worthy of his 
priesthood. For all men, I am so grateful for your work, your love, your 
dedication. How fortifying it is to know there are still men of respect, 
honesty, integrity, and of Christ-like attribute in this world.