+JacksonMichaelBAD Salt is a preservative and a purifier. Salt adds flavor. 
Without it your food is bitter. Considering the spiritual parallels, I 
think that's what Christ meant. We need to preserve and purify the world.﻿Does anyone knows where i can get the background music used in video 
please? Thank you... :(﻿Words to memorize and know, to be like and do. Thanks for posting such 
great things to follow. So beautiful. I don't understand how so many "Christians" simply seem to 
not get it as they complain about helping others...Salt was in the time of Christ and still is perhaps the most basic and 
readily available of all spices, and it enhances the flavour of food to 
which it is added. It is easily recognized. Likewise, the followers of 
Christ should edify those around them. They should be recognized readily by 
their Christian acts. Were was this writen?....Salt was used to preserve food in that day, So the good people of the world 
preserve it, As long as there are good people in the world, the earth shall 
be preserved. I don't understand Mormons. Why the extra book? You should put it down and 
just stick with the Bible.So beautiful.Great job once again on the video's! I look forward to more coming out!A beautifully filmed reminder of the blessings of God, the Lord Jesus 
Christ. I'm thankful for such reminders and the love that Jesus had or has 
for ALL humanity! I was looking for the other clip where Jesus' eyes sparkled O.O This was 
good enough though :)imagine eating a good steak without salt? Salt is what gives taste to your 
meal. The salt of the Earth...the people who really know how to live in 
this world, meaning being righteous and loving, being grateful with your 
Creator. Imagine an Earth without good people and good things? I really enjoy these videos, but for the last two clips I found the footage 
from other videos distracting and not good for meditation. can these be 
uploaded without editing?I love my savior Jesus Christ.i dont get it what does he mean by us being salt"?They are filming some more right now in Utah. More are on the way!This is by far the most useful video I've ever seen on YouTube...I really like this video. The editing is beautiful! I like how it shows how 
Christ went out and did everything that He preached. He really was the 
perfect example. This video encourages me to also be a good example and to 
practice what I say I believe in :)I'm glad the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is making these 
videos. They are well overdue, and a wonderful asset to a study of the life 
of the Savior. I just wish the directors didn't have the actor who plays 
Jesus use that generic British-type accent when no one else in the videos 
seems to have one. It kind of weakens the approach of the videos, and ruins 
the attempts at authenticity for me. But, oh well. Keep the videos coming!just read these scriptures in the bible earlier.. :DSo perfect...Jesus is real. It's wonderful to see his life being portrayed in such a 
beautiful and reverent manner. Living Jesus' teaching and participating in 
the ordinances of His divinely restored gospel can transform your life into 
something more marvelous that you ever could imagine!Blessed...such an amazing word to come from the Son of God. It is amazing 
to find that despite all of the mud-slinging and persecutions going on all 
around us, that such profound words can lift the heaviest of burdens. I 
love our Savior, and am so grateful He offers us peace in a world of 
troubles at every turn.Life changing."For they shall be filled"WonderfulI love this video so much! It made me cry :)Wonderful, uplifting clip. Touches my heard and invokes me to look inward 
at myself.First! Love these videos! Thanks so much, and PLEASE keep 'em coming.We must follow Jesus Christ! Great Video!The beautiful attitudes.It is a real shame that a country that was brought to greatness by the 
Father of the Messiah can not live by the principles that He laid down for 
us. He gave all to show the love the Father has for us yet we cannot show 
that same love to the rest of the world. What a great year to be studying the New Testament in seminary!Beautifully done. Thank you very much. 