I am pregnant of my first child. My husband and I have been married for 6 
months. We were so surprised our blessing came so soon, but we are more 
than grateful. I am a law student and he is a financial consultant and we 
are both career oriented. Our schedules are busy and life goes fast. I am 
sure that many people would think that we are insane to have a baby at this 
point, but we have faith that somehow, everything will work. If God allowed 
Moses to divide a sea in two, how can I doubt? ﻿This is for the world to see that the commandment of multiply and replenish 
the earth, is a great blessing. I know that to be the way to find greater 
joy in this life and in the next. ﻿Excellent video.  So many people have bought the notion of consumerism and 
have abandoned having children as a core goal in life.  I would encourage 
people to also watch "Demographic Winter" over at BYU TV as well as catch 
the video, "What's Happened With all the Babies? The Danger of Too Low 
Birthrates." on YouTube.  The latter video features an interview with 
demographics expert Jonathan Last. ﻿This is pure opinion as having children isn't for everyone and not everyone 
should become parents. I know many parents who regret having children and 
although they make the best of it, they would never do it again. Let's just 
respect everyone's personal decision to have or not have kids instead of 
forcing the life script down society's throat.when tey said " We are all born sinners they meant they we will sin not 
that we did sin. :)Hi Ron. I was wondering what your opinion was on what happens when babies 
and children die? If, as you say, infants are not innocent and born sinners 
where do they go?How many children to have and when to have them is between a husband and 
wife and the Lord. We had our first three children while I was going to college. Looking back 
I don't see how I could have finished college without them! They were each 
a joy and inspiration in my life. God truly blesses us for our obedience. 
We now have four children and we wouldn't want it any other way. They have 
taught me so much and I have no doubt they have much more to teach me. What 
a tremendous blessing it is to be a family!Saying life is over when you have kids is so wrong. I have cats, and the 
way I love them is beyond everything. I cant imagine how much I will love 
my children. My mom says that I need to find a man to start a family with, 
because I have so much love to give, and that my kitties need a break. Children are the future, indeed! Whenever I find my true love, I hope to 
have a few :) Are you out there somewhere Mr Right? :P I love my family of 10 kids and a mom and dad and I am exited to have kids 
when I grow up! :) I'm looking forward to my future family and hope I do my part well as a 
father.I am the mother of 3. My husband and I recognize the blessings of each of 
our children. Going camping alone was fun, but seeing the world through the 
eyes of a child makes the trip even more special. And now, as we are 
entering the teenage years, it is even more fun. These kids make our 
marriage better.I am a lucky husband and a father of nine. They have filled my life with 
more than I ever thought possible. They bring meaning to my life. They are 
my work and my joy.I am a currently a Mom of a sweet 2 month old. I'll be honest, it has been 
hard. But I have seen the light of Christ fill my life as I watch him smile 
and coo! I know that children will bring me and my husband more blessings 
and joy in this life and in the eternities. It's a challenge. But I'm grateful for what my 2 children bring to my life 
- the wonderment and excitement of ever day life. I am a new mom to a 10 year old. We've had her for 1 month and she is a 
joy! Weather she is with us 6 months or 8 years I will always be grateful 
for the opportunity to have her. The same is true for the 3 year old we had 
for 5 months and the 7 year old we had for 2 months as well as the 13 month 
old that we only had for a weekend! Having gone through 4 kids in our home 
in 6 months has been crazy but we've loved it just the same!Being a parent has been very rewarding – more than I actually thought it 
would be. There are tough times; it's not all flowers and butterflies. But 
honestly it's not really that hard when it comes to it because you have 
such a huge place in your heart for your child the awesome, memorable 
moments overshadow whatever is difficult. It's great!Children are cuter than stamps, but they are so much more. "Mother's Day" 
will go out of fashion with our current trend, and "Father's Day" for that 
matter. These trends make family seem less important than any other 
pursuit. But it's true what president Packer told us ladies- life as a wife 
and mother will always be more fulfilling than any career or pass time.My baby girls are both 1 yr old, and not twins....10 months apart! And 
being their mum is the most challenging but rewarding job in the world. My 
joy comes from their unconditional love (even after a telling-off), their 
beaming smiles in the morning, and the most gorgeous part of my day is when 
i see my older daughter show her younger sister how to fold her arms and 
close her eyes during prayers! ahhhh, lush. man this is great, my 1 and 2 year old have a fetish for toilet paper and 
anything else that unravels. Always have to laugh at their curiosity! My wife and I found struggled to get pregnant and then adopted a beautiful 
little baby girl. Then we found out that 9 1/2 months later we were going 
to have a boy, and we did! God had a plan for our family. We just needed to 
have the faith for it to all happen. Now our kids are 2 and 18 months and 
are a lot of fun. They mean everything to me. You and your husband looked cute too! What a fun little family - good luck 
on your journey to finish school. :)Once you have kid, and you want to be a good parent, you understand why God 
wants us to have them. There is something magical about children and the 
process of caring for them. They naturally want to please you and love you. 
Letting them do that by teaching them in love and becoming their best 
friend seriously the one of the very best experiences of life.I've been there - I was 1 girl 3 boys too! Now my last 3 have been girls! 
I'm expecting our 9th now, another girl, so girls have taken the lead 5-4. 
It just gets better and better. :) The week after I got married, my husband and I both had research papers a 
class we took together at BYU called "Teachings of the Living Prophets". 
The assigned subject: "The Position of the Church on Birth Control". A 
quote by President Spencer W. Kimball I remember most: "...live together 
normally and let the children come." Today I'm expecting our 9th baby, I am 
so abundantly blessed. I'm so grateful for my husband and children and for 
who I've become by being a wife and mother. I was away from my wife receiving military training when, using my 
smartphone, I watched Elder Andersen speak on children in General 
Conference. When I returned to my wife I would begin a extremely 
challenging, stressful, & lengthy language course. As I listened with my 
heart as well with my ears, I knew I must exercise faith. Our son is now 5 
months old & I am graduating from my language program in a month. I love 
being a dad & feel so blessed!!Bouncy little bitty babies enrich your life, then teenagers destroy it. Be 
sure to know well beforehand why you are making this necessary sacrifice. 
It is the difference between living for something and dying for nothing. 
Triflers abstain.Whenever people ask me how many kids I want, I always answer, "One at a 
time." :) I'm just in the moment and it's okay. Whew!@Christina Williams: Seriously, good for you. :) Only those with a strong 
testimony in family will be able to abide the storm around us- actively 
believe. (President Kimball said that.) Family First, Faith Forever... I feel like i am in the minority in the church because i can not imagine 
having more than a few children! But i know heavenly father has a plan for 
me and whether he wants me to have one child or ten it will happen!You will be blessed because, as the poor in money, you would if you could. 
This message is to those who are not having children for selfish reasons. 
They are missing the most important reason for living. Yes, you are too, 
but maybe not forever. I know it's tough. Hang in there and be believing. 
Besides, imagine giving a home to one who isn't wanted by bio-parents.Excellent. This is what America needs. Stregnthen the Family, in the Home.Having children has changed my life for the better! One of the moms had it 
just right in this video, a new part of your heart opens up! I am so glad 
we decided to start our family!I happen to know your son Anthony and your wonderful daughter-in-law Elise 
(I served with Elise in Hawaii)! They are wonderful. I know you've been a 
great mother and now a happy grandmother. Thank you for sharing your 
testimony!I love and appreciate this video but in some ways wish there had also been 
some comfort expressed for those of us that desire children but have not 
yet received that great blessing despite our best effort. Thanks to those 
parents that serve with faith and teach love and testimony in their homes 
but I also appreciate the example of faith of those that faithfully endure 
despite not receiving those blessings.I think it's to prevent/treat cradle capWe have 4 children under the age of 4 years. Things are hard. Our life has 
changed drastcialy ..... We are not just a couple... we are a force!--- 
1girl 3 boys :) I think God would want all of his creatures to experience this joy! From a very young age, I always wanted 5 children, fortunately for me, the 
man I married also wanted 5 children. We have been so richly blessed by the 
Lord in giving us the responsibility to look after and nurture 5 wonderful, 
amazing children. I am so grateful for knowing about the plan of salvation 
and knowing that Families are central to Heavenly Father's plan, I love my 
children with all my heart and I wouldn't want to live my life in any other 
way than to have had the children I have.baby hairbrush. :)This is so inspiring... i really think its great to become a parent. Its 
cool to become a dad. But i have to go in my mission first. :)I love this video! It's so uplifting and so true that Children can be such 
a blessing in ones life. They open up the heart and teach you so much good! 
They also teach perspective, patience, and love. It's hard work but having 
children is so worth it! I have two grown sons. They are so good. I wish I had made the decision to 
have more children though. It was really tough for me to have children in 
my life at the time ... I was a young 22, had postpartum depression, 
support and help from spouse and family and friends just wasn't' there for 
me and losing site of an eternal perspective all were part of my decision 
to not have more. So, if there's anyone out there making that decision now, 
please ask for help from loved ones and Church leaders.thank youWhat's up with using the toothbrush on the kid's head? lolhaha i love that kid. he's my nephew. :) My daughter, Perina, looked so cute in this video. I hope she could watch 
this video again when she is a mother herself. I am a new mother of a beautiful 5.5 month old. The transition from being 
just a wife to a wife and mother was very hard for me and took a toll on my 
mental health; I am working through postpartum/full blown depression 
triggered by the birth of my baby. I sometimes wonder if my husband and I 
made the right choice, but I know that we did. Our daughter is my guardian 
angel sent to bring true joy into my life. I would not trade anything for 
all the love I feel for her!! maskremoval.blogspot.comLove this :) The kid running around with the toilet paper is hilarious. 