Tim did a great job! RIP Danail, vineyard ward loves and misses you-3He is going to be a great husband and dad someday. We're probably about a 
year apart and this was inspiring..its not only just reading them neal to pray about what you read and ask if 
its trueI feel the Holy Spirit when I see videos like this, people with true faith.@kildon50, God wants us all to be happy, not just "mormons". The Gospel is 
the good news of Christ, that He lives, that He loves us, that He died for 
us. That is what should make us all happy.wow this kid it going to do great on his mission !!!!@kildon50 The word "Gospel" literally means "good news". The Gospel is the 
good news that we have a loving Heavenly Father and all that that entails. 
When you are living the way that our Gospel teaches, you are happy because 
you know who you are, what you're here for, and what your priorities should 
be. That is why the video gives off the impression that becoming Mormon 
leads to happiness...because when you follow the principles of the Gospel, 
it does!@janellekristin123 The Gospel isn't just about reading the scriptures. 
Service, prayer, fasting, scriptures all of these elements will allow you 
to be at peace, and happy.@kildon50 Living the Gospel of Jesus Christ will allow you to be truly at 
peace, and thus happy. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints has 
the fullness of the Gospel. I am a Latter Day Saint, and I am happy!@janellekristin123 try reading the Hebrew scriptures. :] I know what kind of happines the Gospel brought into my life: that kind of 
happiness that, no matter what, I can "see" what I can become in this 
mortal life, that is a better man, a better son, a better husband and 
father. The Scriptures are the first "User Guide" i suggest to everyone to 
read to become the kind of man/woman we can become. Oh, I was forgetting: I 
am a Mormon from Italy. advertise this video! it actually says stuff about being mormon!What a sweet boy!I wish I could be this faithful and devoted to the gospel of Jesus ChristIs "the gospel" a message of how to be happy in life? That is the 
impression this video (maybe unintentially) seems to give. Become a mormon 
and you can be happy. Is this the intention? 