Jeepers ... they never sang this song for me on my 65th! ;)﻿Very tenderly and beautifully delivered. Absolutely amazing Dallyn.﻿Beautiful.﻿I'm not Mormon either...but this artist made me cry...what a voice!﻿Me gusto

﻿I was in this concert to celebrate President Monson's birthday and chills 
my bones!!
 ﻿I love this prayer, asking God for something with a plea. I am so grateful 
to have the gift of prayer, it has and seen me through the many experiences 
of my life and not let me down. He is there.﻿Thanks!﻿Dallyn Bayles has a wonderful voice and offers a great rendition of "Bring 
Him Home".  But he is obviously singing a solo....as The Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir is nowhere to be seen or heard in this video.﻿Stunning. Brought me to tears on a Saturday morning.Wonderfully sung. Little to technical for this style of song. Great voice.Oh, Dallyn is MUCH better than Alfie! I wonder how much he was influenced 
by Colm, though.Hugh Jackman is a fine actor, but so is Dallyn, who should have been in the 
movie! Maybe Director Christensen should have an LDS version of Les 
Miserables, with all OUR actors in it!I love this song, beautiful job. he is right there with colm and alphie.Very Moving. Thank you!Absolutely brilliant! What a moving performanceGreat job Dallyn!This is totally awesome. So much emotion and feeling in this song. Love it!And this is why I was disappointed with Hugh Jackman...This is SO much better than the guy from the original cast and the movie, 
I'm sorry, Hugh Jackman. Absolutely gorgeous!Amo os hinos do coro do tabernáculo mórmon.Mim faz sentir mas leve. thats my seminary teacherLLORAR ES EL DESCANSO DEL ALMAThis is the most beautiful thing I've ever witnessed..bring him ham? vowel modification is one thing but ham? reallySo touching and so powerful. It makes me cry. I've never been able to feet very far into les mis. The injustice, pain and 
malice has always been too painful and heartbreaking. Yet, this song, this 
plea, is so full of love and so beautiful. Thank you for giving me this. 
The purity of voice is angelic. Combined with the mellody and words, it is 
a line directly to the heart.I loved it very much! I'm also a Mormon.I heard this in person he was absolutely amazing his voice is exceptional 
and the orchestra was amazing. I didn't hear a Choir only a Solo with an Orchestra ... Loved it.Wow! what a bueatiful rendition and voice!love it! Where was he when they did the new movie???One of the most beautiful and emotionally charged of all songs!ohhhhh my GOD ever touch my sould, i depend of you.. you are my 
lord.............I was there! It was great! Anyone know where I can find the song "Consider 
the Lilies" from "Golden Days"?SOOOOOOOO AMAZING!! WHAT A RANGE! YOU DID AWESOME DALIYN!! Saw this in person and he got a standing ovation :) (also deserved)...my seminary teacher.....---go team Provo....Absolute perfection. Devastatingly beautiful! It could not be possible to 
sing this song more perfectly. Voz maravilhosa.This version deserves a Bravo, Bravo, Bravo Cheers, KjunChefMikeI've listened to this probably over 100 times now. It is so good! One of my 
favorite recordings of all time. :)What a beautiful rendition of the song! Beautiful. Simply beautiful.ok. that was phenomenal. amazing job!This is dang good. The only thing he needs to make it better is a beard.My amazing seminary teacher. :)He is ok, but I am sorry, no one can match Alfie Boe in this song, no one.I have only been impressed with a few people singing this and you are one 
of them!! Stunning absolutely stunning and what a better place and for a more 
deserving birthday partyBeautiful.This is my favorite song from Les Miserables. It always makes me cry. If 
you want to cry some more, check out: You Made Me Whole Again by John 
Starley Allen.I'm an ex-mormon, turned atheist :P ... And this made me cry. So beautiful.Saw this live. I've heard many versions of this song, including the musical 
in various forms and places (including London), and I must say I think this 
one is my favorite portrayal of this beautiful song.Outstanding!! and if I had better words to describe it I would use them!One word: PERFECT!!!Awesome!You nailed it! Wonderful! Beautiful!!!!!!!!! wow!!!!!My wife, her mother, I and thousands of others attended this birthday 
celebration for President Monson. This song was a show stopper and was 
simply beautiful. Everyone seemed to leap to their feet the feeling and 
spirit was so strong we just simply had to. Absolutely Fantastic! Wow!Idk what I expected when I clicked on this link... just another good singer 
trying his hand at this song, I guess. I did not expect this, however. This 
is exceptional... this performance is just about as flawless as they come.STUNNINGLY beautiful...perfectly expressed. :) Better than any version I've 
ever seen/heard! <3I love this so much...stirs my soul!!! Have seen Dallyn Bayles in person, 
but not at this event sing this number...I sobbed...I am so glad he 
stretched enough in his life to find his talents and shares them with the 
world...bless him, The music is excellent and deeply moving...and I'm an Atheist.muy hermoso.... me encanta esta version de Bring Him Home, ya he escuchado 
otras pero esta me encanta en lo personal....... Saludos desde San Pedro 
Sula, Honduras. Be LDS, Be Happy, Be Everlasting gratefullThis is so goodNow the best complement that could ever be given, was that a prophet of God 
stood up and gave him a standing ovation following his performance.To say this is beautiful would be an understatement.What a champion! This man served his mission in the Melbourne, Australia 
mission and we were blessed to have him!This guy is my seminary teacher! :D I'm so lucky to accompany him on piano 
when I do the hymns.He is my seminary teacher :DBeautiful, inspired.Primera vez que escucho esa canción y es hermosa! además de la hermosa voz 
del cantante... Se me erizó la piel y de verdad que llega al corazón! Me 
encantó... First time that i hear this song and it´s beautiful! Moreover, 
the beautiful singer´s voice... It got me chills and it really touches your 
heart! I loved it...Awesome! He is a really good singer!!!Incredibly pure and beautiful high register. Need to hear more from him. 2 Dislikes? SERIOUSLY??? What are their problems? Must not appreciate true 
talent & awesome music! Most beautiful I've ever heard it done.I got to see it in person too, was a Fantastic Celebration. You can't beat 
seeing this Choir in person, so moving.Great job Dallyn! i would love to hear this man sing with my favorite, Colm Wilkinson. They 
have similar tones. Wonderful rendition. It is beautiful. I love this song, and I'm going to have to learn more 
about Dallyn Bayles since I'd never heard of him before today. Also, to the 
powers that be, is Alfie Boe on the short list of people to sing at the 
annual Christmas program sometime in the next 10 years?Absolutely Stunning <3 Pure enjoyment. The whole program was amazing. His voice is just sigh.... This is amazing. Love itSaw this live, JAW DROPPING!!! This was my favorite part of the celebration. I LOVE HIS VOICE! I saw him 
in the Secret Garden at the Hale Theater in Orem and he was amazing in that 
too.This is the most amazing ever <3 And Dallyn Bayles i amazing too <3Absolutely stunning! Evoked vivid imagery of a loving father yearning for 
the well being of his beloved son.SO Beautiful! This is my favorite song from Les Miserables!!! Wow, that is absolutely beautiful. One of the best versions I have heard 
yet. He may even rival Alfie Boe. Saw this in person, and he deserved that standing ovation! Pure 
excellence....and I'm a Mormon. 