wow I so much love it﻿my kids know that this is the song I want at my funeral...let's hope it's 
years off from now...:)﻿Crazy organ solo﻿awesome! uplifting! peaceful!﻿how awesome...I never tire of hearing this choir﻿A little piece of heaven listening to this. Thank you beautiful people!!!﻿Me encanta..!!! En la misión la usaba para relajarme y hallar paz, ahora 
sigue funcionando igual.﻿consider the lilies... <3 consider the blessings of our god... ﻿BEST song ever. Witness them sing this song at cousin BERTHA SAMOAs funeral 
who also was a member of the TABERNACLE CHOIR. God bless the human race.﻿Truly angelic! I love this song.❤️﻿Beautiful!  But how I wish Mormon doctrine is Evangelical (like Baptist, 
Methodist, Presbyterian...)﻿Perfeito.﻿this songs......always gives me the assurance that God will give the honest 
desires of my heart.just like the lilies in the field even though no one 
takes care of them yet the Lord had never forsaken them, how much more I a 
creation of a loving Father in heaven a brother of the Lord Jesus Christ.﻿Never a disappointment.  The choir as a whole and each member individually 
testify through music of their love for their Heavenly Father.  What an 
excellent way to worship.  I thank them for sharing their talents and their 
love for their Savior.﻿4 people are tone deaf and spiritually deadThank you so much for sharing this information! I have always been touched 
by the second verse and now I know why. Many, many people are inspired by 
this poignant words. My sweet escape from the world. Superbmy favorite hymn to play for my children. Perfeito!!!!My heart rejoices in beautiful songs.so spiritual song..i love it I just love this song, I love it when I hear the Mormon tabernacle choir 
sing it, this is the song I play every Sunday morning when getting ready 
for churchLa música nos lleva al cieloLINDA E DOCE MÚSICA.I heard this song by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir via satellite, and me and 
my friends were in tears as we ponder and realize the love of Heavenly 
Father to us. My family had the good fortune to visit with Roger Hoffman in their home 
thirteen years ago, when Consider The Lilies was being released. They 
treated us like family. (we're not related) They are wonderful people. It 
has been a great memory for us.They are going to perform this on the live Choir broadcast tomorrow 
morning. I can't wait. I think I'll take my mother, who loves to go to 
this. This always lifts my spirits.well,I like so much and took me very far, out of this world mines too! Beautiful  @ Doris, I like your comment. The most important part of this lovely song. 
I think about the little ones in war torn countries in the Middle East, and 
those suffering from cancer. I met such a little two-year-old just 
yesterday, suffering from the effects of chemo. I'm thinking of him now as 
I listen to this song. Jesus knows our pain. He is keenly aware of His 
little ones. Yes, He will make their hearts as gold.Sinto meu coração encher-se de paz e amor sempre que a ouço! Não importa o 
momento, ela sempre tem esse efeito sobre mim... God is beautiful. My soul need to him. Thanks God for your presence in my 
home. muy buenoI really love this song. Its very calm and peaceful. "He clothes the lilies of the field. He feeds the birds in the sky, And he 
will feed those who trust him, And guide them with his eye." "Consider the 
sweet, tender children Who must suffer on this earth..." The pains of all 
of them he carried From the day of his birth. He clothes the lilies of the 
field, He feeds the lambs in His fold, And he will heal those who trust 
him, And make their hearts as gold." <3 <3 <3This is my favorite song by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir! :)I love it... I love this song and the message. It's so beautiful and peaceful. It always 
brings the spirit closer to my heart:) The sound of the orchestra along 
with the choir is heaven sent. The church is true, God bless.me gusta I had a chance to attend this and it was Fantastic.Esta cancion es bellisima! Si tan solo el mundo pudiera entender la 
profundidad de su letra y pudiese disfrutar esta dulce melodia. Puedo 
sentir el espiritu cada ves que la oigo.