It's rather sad how people choose not to accept such a simple concept - 
that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, that the Book of Mormon is true - 
and rather turn to what the world/Internet has to say about it.  Our 
message is not complicated, never has been, never will be, but it is true 
nonetheless, and no unhallowed hand can stop this work from progressing.﻿Incredible talk, incredible man, incredible book.﻿I know it is true and correct﻿Book of Mormon is true and the church is true from the first time i went 
into a lds chapel i new this is gods church﻿The Book of Mormon is true. Not everyone realizes that while the Bible is 
the word of God, it is not His only word. We read in the Bible that two or 
more independent witnesses are required to certify the truth. I know that 
the Book of Mormon is true. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. ﻿I'm just a 17 year old kid but I assure you all that Joseph Smith is not a 
fraud. I promise you that. God's gospel and Priesthood are back. The Book 
of Mormon is amazing. ﻿Scientific and Historical 'fact' (or as they are known to imperfect men) 
are very fragile. They change with every small discovery made. In finding 
the truth of the Book of Mormon we often allow these distractions to 
camouflage the best course to take in finding truth. Everyone knows if you 
want to know the truth, you go to the source. I know that the Almighty God 
is the source to all truth. If you want to know whether the Book of Mormon 
is true and you want it for the right reasons then read the book, decide 
whether you think it is true or not and ask God. All other questions, 
Scientific or not, can then be answered based on the revelation you 
receive. Your revelation will probably be as simple as a feeling of peace.
I have seen the Book of Mormon in action hundreds of times. I know it is a 
powerful source of divine revelation for each of us should we choose to 
utilize it for only the most righteous purposes.﻿Joseph and Hyrums' testimonies were sealed with blood, just as were 
prophets scattered throughout the scriptures in ages past.  This alone 
gives me the proof that strengthens my testimony of The Book of Mormon. 
 Thank you Elder Holland for reminding me of the reason I love and this 
gospel.﻿Excelente vídeo.﻿lord I believe!!!﻿I listen to this testimony to begin each week.  It speaks more profoundly 
the words of my soul.  I wish I could express the witness the Lord has 
given me of the Book of Mormon.  It did not come overnight; but today, 
because of this book, a light is laced so deep within my soul that I 
cannot, nor would I dare, ever deny it.  I'm a college professor and 
consider myself a convert, so my testimony did not come without much study, 
anguish, and prayer.  I've never met a person that has read this book, 
sincerely read it without a pre-desire to condemn it, that hasn't been 
converted to its truthfulness and eventually to the gospel of Jesus 
Christ.  God bless you in your search for truth and happiness.  I have 
found it!﻿does anyone else find it interesting that roughly "one third" of the hosts 
of youtubers who rated this used their agency to dislike this video because 
of the truthfulness of the book of mormon? funny coincidence huh?﻿Because the Book of Mormon is the "make or break" revelation for the 
Prophet Joseph Smith. If the Book of Mormon is the word of God, then Joseph 
Smith is a Prophet. If Joseph Smith is a Prophet, then this is Jesus 
Christ's Church, as he claims it was. The truthfulness of the entire 
position of the Church rests on the truthfulness of that Book, and this is 
why the emphasis. However, in now way does this diminish the Bible. In 
fact, the two were designed to work hand in hand. :)I notice there are no negative or challenging comments to this testimony. 
Why is that?We watched this at efy/ smyc this year in 2013. :') I love this video, so 
powerful. He has to be one of the most powerful (I'm using that one a 
lot...) speakers I have ever seen. :)The Book of Mormon is what makes the Church unique. We believe that the 
Bible is the Word of God, but we also recognize that after centuries of 
re-translation, some plain and precious truths have been removed either 
accidentally or purposfully by translators doing their best to make the 
Bible something good for the Church at the time. The Book of Mormon however 
has only been translated to English once from the original by Joseph Smith. 
If that Book is true, then this church is true.This is such a powerful testimony!! Love it! If you are a Christian, and you have not read and received a testimony of 
the Book of Mormon. I promise that you don't know what you are missing. The 
Bible and the Book of Mormon have both strengthened my testimony of Christ. 
I invite you to read it, and then ask your Father in Heaven in the Name of 
Christ, if the book is true. I know it is and it will continue to bless my 
life and the lives of my family, and you and yours, if you let it.God Lives. This is His Book. I love Moroni 10:32, the concluding invitation 
of the Book of Mormon, "Yea, come unto Christ, and be perfected in him, and 
deny yourselves of all ungodliness; and if ye shall deny yourselves of all 
ungodliness , and love God with all your might, mind and strenth, then is 
his grace sufficient for you, that by his grace ye may be perfect in 
Christ; and if by the grace of God ye are perfect in Christ, ye can in 
nowise deny the Power of God."Love this talk. Has anyone seen the Book of Mormon Golf app on the App 
Store? That's helped me learn the Book of Mormon better too.To die knowing that what you proclaimed and taught would either send you to 
eternal damnation or eternal glory... I believe a weaker man/men would of 
denied it... but not Joseph Smith or his brother Hyrum. They knew it was 
true... I know it is true... I am thankful for the Book Of Mormon! In the 
name of Jesus Christ... Amen! Amazing! I hope that everyone that have read the Book of Mormon will have 
the same conviction regarding its truthfulness...I know the book of mormon is true, took me a while to read it, but when 
Thomas s Monson said "If you haven't read the Book of Mormon, Read it" I 
did that, and i can tell you all know Its true, it answers every question 
that you have, when ever i have a question that no one can answer, i 
Search, Ponder and Pray and the Lord will always reaveal the truth of the 
teachings or answer the questions i have... The Book of Mormon has drawn me 
closer to our Father in heaven and the Saviour.The whole point of the Book of Mormon is to testify of Christ and that the 
Bible is true. From the Book of Mormon, "For behold, this is written for 
the intent that ye may believe that; and if ye believe that ye will believe 
this also; and if ye believe this ye will know concerning your fathers, and 
also the marvelous works which were wrought by the power of God among them" 
(Mormon 7:9) In this verse, "this" = Book of Mormon and "that" = Bible (see 
the previous verse for this clarification).All christians, including us believe that the bible is the word on God but 
each church teaches different and conflicting information. But the Book of 
Mormon adds to and complements the teachings in the Bible to give greater 
understanding of God's word and assists in leading us back to Him. If you 
know that the Book of Mormon is God's word then you know that Joseph Smith 
was a prophet. And if Joseph Smith was a prophet then The Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints is God's Church.We Mormons often quote the Book of Mormon because that is the unique 
perspective we have to offer the world. If you ever attend one of our 
churches you will quickly see how often we use the 2 testaments (The Holy 
Bible and The Book of Mormon) to give validity to our belief that Jesus is 
the Christ the very Son of God.Oh come on YouTube. Let me like it multiple times, just this once.when i read the book of mormon i know that it is true,i know that it is the 
keystone of our religion, i know that it is our guide turning back to jesus 
christ and obtain the eternal life.it will give us peace of mine. i know it 
is the restored gospel from god.. This is late I know, but because if the Book of Mormon is true, then Joseph 
Smith was a Prophet. If he was a Prophet then The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints is the Kingdom of God on the Earth again. Without the 
Book of Mormon, our religion has nothing to stand on. We love and read from 
the Bible; but we stress the BoM because it is what separates us from the 
rest of the Christian Sects.Did you get a response to this? Members of the LDS church believe in the 
Bible, as other Christian religions do, but we have another source of 
scripture known as the Book of Mormon. You can learn more about it at 
lds.org or mormon.org. You can request a Book of Mormon be sent to you for 
free!i love the bible, and i agree that it should be mentioned more. Part of the 
issue is that the book of mormon is RECENT revelation, and this idea, that 
god is STILL revealing his word to us is an amazing one. Yes, latter-day 
saints tend to focus more on the book of mormon, but we do so out of our 
enthusiasm that god is still revealing his word to us in our day.The Lord told me this book is true and can for anyone. I'm happy to have 
the restored gospel in my life. Good! :) We encourage that in our religion. No one should just believe 
everything they hear. Our church is built on revelation just as Jesus 
himself said it would be. I encourage you to read, ponder, search, and pray 
about whether or not The Book of Mormon is true, & may God bless you in 
your quest for truth and wisdom. Look up Moroni 10:3-5 :)Sometimes the strongest evidence is the kind that you feel. Physical 
evidence is often fabricated or falsified. To expect God to conform to the 
way we think he should tell us things is kind of presumptuous. If God 
really exists, it makes sense that he would tell us his own way of finding 
out the truth for ourselves, rather than relying on what other people 
"prove" to us. For example, the only evidence we have that love exists is 
when we experience it in our hearts. You can't see it either.why do you guys always mention the book of Mormon instead of the Bible?? 
and please don't use the humble approach.Good Luck! :D Faith is belief in the things which are not seen. I understand your wish 
for a sign, and am pleased to say that there are indeed signs regarding 
this. Many people will recount events which they only overcame by faith. I 
have many of my own, if you'd like to hear Via inbox. If you want any more 
evidence visit LDS.Org. And if you have any questions you'd like answered 
feel free to ask me. I testify that this is true! I know it just as Elder Holland knows it. 
There is a power that comes from reading this book that is absolutely 
amazing! I challenge everyone to read it and ask for themselves if it is 
true. I know Heavenly Father will answer you if you truly seek to know of 
it's truthfulness!I almost cried at this talkscience is the problem with spiritual knowledge, like we have been taught 
you could hold the plates in your hands and not know anymore then, than you 
know now that it is true... like reading the scriptures, without the Holy 
Ghost its all facts and information that doesn't mean anything. The Holy 
Ghost makes it personal and testifies of truth, same goes for the Bible, 
you have to read it prayerfully to KNOW that it is true, the Book of Mormon 
is no different. The evidence is found in prayer. the book of mormon is a book that has helped and boosted testimonys around 
the world I know god and jesus are real and the book of mormon is real and 
that they had no right to kill them just because they beleived in something 
different and you need to actually read the book before disregarding it as 
fiction and if you dont think they did not kill them well sorry newsflash 
it has been proven.Scientific discovery keeps their fields and the people following along in 
constant motion. Faith, however, is evidence of all spiritual things, and 
this book is a spiritual thing. The Holy Ghost brings that kind of evidence 
or "proof" to the heart. The test and trial of faith is being able to trust 
spiritual answers, and the ways those answers are revealed to our spirits 
from God. God's ways are not our ways, and so His answers come in His way. 
(Hebrews 11:1, Isaiah 55:8, KJV)You need to watch the whole speech if you haven't listened to it yet!! It 
is POWERFUL! I've been a member of this church for 2 years now :) I have 
read the Book of Mormon 3 times and I am working on the 4th :) The Holy 
Ghost has touched my heart every time I read from it, I know it is true!! 
If you haven't read it yet YOU MUST!! We invite you to visit a local LDS church and read The Book of Mormon!! You 
might be surprised at what you learn!! Wow what a strong testimony. Very awesome video :)i do have a testimony of the BOOK OF MORMON becasue i know in my heart that 
it is true that it is another testament of JESUS CHRIST. that it contains 
the fullnes of the gosple and why i know it? becasue it is in my heart its 
in my life the knowlege of it divinity and i know that becasue the gosple 
oe my savior jesus christ is the reason as to why i am who i am today where 
i am and all that i have life is not easy but if we all do whats right life 
will be worth it at the end & we will be happyThere is a lot more evidence of the Book of Mormon's truth than this 
4-minute video can depict. It doesn't contradict science or history at all. 
If you want the biggest evidence of all that the Book of Mormon is another 
testament of Jesus Christ, why not try reading it to find out?In the name of Jesus Christ. Amenthe evidence is in the book. The only way you can know if it's true or not 
is by reading it and asking God if it is true. You can know for yourself 
and everything will make sense. If it's true, then Joseph Smith was a 
prophet and the church he restored is God's church as he said. Moroni 
10:3-5 contains a promise to all that if you will read and ask God, you can 
know for yourself. I know also that it is true :)Wow. How have I not seen this video before? The most powerful testimony of 
all time! Whew! I've got to go get some more tissues. Amazing. :) Many followers fell away from Christ during his ministry. It happened to 
him. Did that prove that Christ wasn't the Messiah...no it didn't. Yes, 
there are many branches of Mormonism but the original church remains with 
intact leadership of the twelve apostles and prophet. The branches have 
split directly from Priesthood Authority. More evidence exists now than the distant past. It's like the Holy Bible 
when you read the words of Jesus Christ and you simply know by the Holy 
Ghost that it's true. There's evidence in behalf of the Book of Mormon too. 
It's a matter of searching with an open heart, praying, and following God. This is a beautiful testimony of the Book of Mormon! I add mine to Elder 
Holland's that the Book of Mormon is further revelation brought to us 
through a prophet of God as in ancient times, just as the New Testament was 
further revelation to be added to the Old Testament. I know these are the 
words of God. Our loving Heavenly Father continually reaches out to his 
children here on the earth. I am a witness of that.The Book of Mormon contains a promise, it is that anyone who who sincerely 
reads it will know for themselves that it's the inspired word of God. I 
wasn't a Mormon, I read it and I became one. That was thirty years ago - 
and what a great thirty years it's been! Ya ideas and history of men not from God. So those things you just said 
dont mean anything.I do not say that Joseph Smith did not believe what he died for. What I say 
is that there are countless people throughout history who have died for 
reason that we now consider to be completely wrong. Dying for a belief 
sways hearts and moves souls but it does not change facts.We Latter-day Saints believe that it is not good to rely on other people's 
testimonies for assurance of belief, and ask that people seek to obtain 
their own personal revelation. Those of us who've done that and obtained 
the revelation testify of it, but you should not expect us to prove these 
truths for you. We expect you to build a relationship with God and obtain 
revelation from him to prove it unto you for yourself. God bless.Actually, to be fair, there is very little that can be classified as 
contradictory. Most of what is brought up is simply a lack of evidence at 
the current time.There is plenty of evidence that the Book of Mormon is true if you look for 
it. But if you really want to know if this book is true, don't look up 
facts and discoveries about it. Pray and ask God if it's true, that's the 
whole point of us being here is to live by faith, and to trust God, not the 
flesh of man.Dude.....I appreciate this guys conviction .....but do we just disregard 
all history and science that contradicts these ideas......extraordinary 
claims require evidence.....and a book with a folded page hardly counts. Exactly, they couldn't embrace the truth enough to go through their trials.someone needs to fix the cc. It is not correct. how about the old and new testament do you it is not complete? no church in this world can really claim to be the perfect one,,,,,,,,God 
only need on us is the strong faith inside our hearts,,,,,the 
conviction,,,,,a true Christian,,,anybody can claim that they are 
Christians,,,,,,,but God is the only one who can choose those people which 
is the true one................ they will , we have missionaries in the spirit worldI may be a nonmember as of now, but I know that the Book of Mormon is true.hmmm ill think in and reaserch a little bit before i say anything....=D btw 
Great Vid!! THE BOOK OF MORMON, THE MOST COMPLETE AND TRUE BOOK ON THE FACE OF THE 
EARTH.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AMAZING TESTIMONY ELDER JEFFREY R. HOLLAND THANK 
YOU :) :) Amazing Testimony. who do not accept this truth, it's just because they have never received 
such testimony in their hearts as I have received, as if it had been 
received, it is almost impossible to deny a reality when the answer comes 
from God directly to our minds and hearts. and my testimony is;this book is 
the word of God to us, I read myself and asked God to know what I know now 
.And now I know it is another witness of the divinity of Jesus Christ.The only reason that happens is when you stop doing the important things. 
Daily study of the Book of Mormon, sincere prayer, keeping all of the 
commandments - especially keeping the Sabbath day holy, holding FHE, 
frequent temple attendance, magnifying callings, doing your HT-ing, 
shutting out things that offend the spirit, like music & media, counseling 
with your bishop. Children need to know that their parents KNOW. Protect 
that testimony - the straight & narrow is the only way. You can do it!!I have been member of the church since I remember being in CTR but in these 
days my soul and heart have been troubled with doubts and negative 
thoughts, I served an honorable mission and I have a beautiful family, BUT 
this video softens my heart and reminds me who is at the head of this 
church and I need to change my attitude. It is incredible how patients are 
my HF and Jesus Christ, and they know me, that is what I do know.This, the Book of Mormon is true, I know by myself that truth, that every 
soul can ask God with a sincere heart and get the answer you are looking 
for, pray with all the energy of your whole soul and get the answer that 
comforts the soul and will connect you with the divinity... in that 
sentiment remains strong and God will give you what you want, because He, 
God our Father loves us.it is time To the 5,023 people who disliked this video, I promise that if you actually 
read the Book of Mormon you would have liked this video instead. The Book 
of Mormon testifies of the living savior Jesus Christ and it completes the 
message of the Bible. I know this because I have read it and prayed with 
all the energy of my soul about it. I have gotten my answer; I cannot deny 
the truth. I promise that if you pray about it, you will get your answer 
too.I love this church. I don't know what I can say to help express to people 
how this church is true. I guess all I can do is leave my testimony that I 
know that this church is true. I know that God the father and his son Jesus 
Christ appeared to Joseph Smith. The Book of Mormon is true. I know that if 
anyone will just give this book a chance and read it. Just read it and I 
promise you will feel it is true. I promise. just give it a chance. I made 
a youtube account just to give this message Grazie al libro di Mormon cresco nella fede in Gesu' Cristo ogni volta che 
lo leggo e studio amo il profeta Joseph Smith che grazie al suo sacrificio 
per il Signore ci ha consegnato per potere Divino i mezzi per tornare a 
Casa dal nostro Padre Celeste. wowThe Book Of Mormon is another testament OF our Savoir! and is a true book! 
I believe Every word in that book! The Prophet Joesph Smith is a true 
Prophet! The Book of Mormon is the Word of God. The Holy Bible is also the word of 
God. The Prophet Joseph Smith is a true prophet. We have living apostles 
today whom if we listen to them, they will lead us through life's 
challenges and onto eternal life. That's just the way the plan of salvation 
or plan of happiness we designed. The Book of Mormon is NOT on trial, but 
the people are. We will be judged according to what is written in it...so 
everyone better read it...Actually everyone better FEAST on it.@Mas0o0n You are so right! The Gates of Heaven will open to all good, 
decent people, but Mormonism is more than just restrictions of what we put 
into our bodies or what we participate it. Mormonism is the full Gospel of 
Jesus Christ. Members of the LDS faith receive continuous revelation from 
God in these days that teach us of how we can better improve our lives and 
grow closer to our Father in Heaven.those 5016 who disliked this video i hope that one day yous will come to 
the light and know the truth and be able to have a testimony of the Book Of 
Mormon A powerful witness from an apostle of the Lord. As one honestly reads this 
book, he will know and feel it is of its divine authorship.I love Elder Holland! I love the Book of Mormon too. It is truly a 
testament of Jesus Christ. It was written for the latter days. I know that 
it is true without a shadow of a doubt.Because of the Book Of Mormon, my faith grew Oh man, this is why i love Elder Holland, he is one of my favorite speakers 
at General Conference! And not only is he an amazing speaker, but he is a 
true apostle and prophet of God. I know the Book of Mormon is true. It is 
the most wonderful book that i have ever read in my entire life. For all 
the nonbelievers, if you do not believe the Book of Mormon is true, read 
it. Trust me, no evil man could write it, and no good man could write it 
without God. Without God, man is nothing. P.S I'm 14 :)@guidedbythespirit You cannot claim to be a mormon and yet deny the very 
book that is one of the bases of your religion, therefore your logic is 
void. Also we never claim to be evangelical christians or conform to your 
type of christianity, we follow the teachings and example of christ, and 
believe that only through him can salvation be achieved. We are Christians 
in our minds, therefore we are christians."But he that believeth these things which I have spoken, him will I visit 
with the manifestations of my Spirit, and he shall know and bear record. 
For because of my Spirit he shall know that these things are true; for it 
persuadeth men to do good."@Mas0o0n indeed my good sir