Wonderful opening rendition
Accompaniment is overpowering the artists
Rebecca's voice has to be one of the outstanding soprano voices of our day﻿Really just beautiful. Impressed by those singing and by the performance. 
Thank you for the uplifting performance @MormonTabernacleChoir and for 
putting it here! @MormonChannel.﻿48:40 and around in there.... Wow! Beautiful!!﻿What a wonderful time this might be, I wish I were there 
for this nice moment﻿What an awesome Performance from the mormon tabernacle choir and orchestra 
at Temple square. God them all.﻿Dear  Precious President Monson, After all these months I am finally 
celebrating your birthday. HAPPY BIRTHDAY and may God bless you for us with 
many more!!! WE love you and pray for the return of your robust health. :-)﻿Beautiful, I am charmed with the choir of the tabernacle﻿This was so Beautiful to see and hear. Wish we could have been there. Happy 
Birthday President Monson and may God Bless you with many more !!!!!!﻿Nice musicBellìsimo homenaje de aniversario al presidente Monson.SAludes desde Costa 
Rica.Yo no he presenciado nunca un concierto en directo de Mormon Tabernacle 
pero....siempre será mi sueño antes de que me muera. I LoveBeautiful...WOW!!! :o)glory to god it is all so Beautiful <3Wish I could have been there. Just to be in the same room as the Prophet... 
that would be epic!The Music gave me goosebumbs very impressive..Otimo.Thank you for sharing!!! Fantastic! I like this! I love our prophet Thomas S. Monson. I have played trumpet in orchestras and bands from Alaska to Texas, with 
stops in California, and now in Utah. I have also sung solos and in choirs 
and men's choruses. I only wish that I could play in the Orchestra at 
Temple Square and sing in the Tabernacle choir all at the same time. 
Listening to this great concert is as close as I will ever get to that 
perfect experience, unifying my old Bach Stradivarius with my tenor voice. 
Music is everything (except for my love, Corrie Lynne Player).Outstanding Music by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir!My wife, her mother and I were there that night. This song was fantastic 
and brought the crowd to their feet. It was just amazing to see, hear, and 
feel. Wow!Fantastic! In this world of trouble and gloom, this video made my day. I 
will be watching it everyday just to feel the goodness of these people and 
know that love,charity and down right kindness can still be found somewhere 
on this planet. Awesome! I love our prophet. The music and spoken word shared in this 
production are as inspirational as President Monson. Devine in every way. 
Thank you President Monson for your example, your enthusiasm, your love, 
your teachings, and for a wonderful production rightfully honoring you.Happy Birthday President Monson:) Ofa Lahi Atu from Oakland CA Indeed my Faith is strengthen by this show, amazing. Happy Birthday 
President Monson.me encanto la cancion golden days la ame la primera vez que la escuche :)If anyone in the world today is deserving of this tribute, it's Thomas S. 
Monson. His teachings and example have helped me to feel and recognize the 
Savior's love in my own life. In April, when he spoke in the Church's 
semi-annual conference, my 8-year-old son was touched by his words and 
wrote down a sweet testimony of the Lord--a much needed light as the 
darkness of divorce loomed over our family at the time. I'll be sending 
blessings and prayers to him on his birthday month and always! :)amazingPrecioso!!! Dallyn Bayles sings "Bring Him Home" at 44:00 . It is the most beautiful 
thing. We were there, the audience couldn't help but stand.