EFY 2015﻿I know for a fact that Satan and his angels work hard day and night to 
attack and discourage investigators, i had a bad experience before my 
baptize!﻿@Dothedew042 , Mormons do have to pay to go on missions sort of. It's 400 
dollars a month, I believe, but it's just used for food, clothes, haircuts, 
etc.
As for your questions, I can try to answer them (I am a Mormon), but you 
probably should ask the missionaries. On lds.org, you can find info on 
missionaries, church buildings, etc. 
Hope this helped!﻿About to go on mission #am so happy﻿I love this series of videos it is inspirational to see the struggles these 
boys and girls go through to bring people to Christ there is no monetary 
gain in this work just the love for the Saviour, that is awesome.﻿There was a question from an investigator about knowing a true prophet or a 
false prophet. The bible clearly tells us that we as believers in Christ 
need to test the spirits, the prophets are a way to test and God wants us 
to do this. He's gives us a way to do it and it's not about prayer but by 
the prophets revelations. If any prophet gives one false revelation than 
God tells us that we must put them spiritually to death and not follow 
them. Deut 18: read it. Watching this video makes me laugh. The celestial message and vision of 
Joseph Smith is working in modern day social media. Humans are interesting. The book of Mormon and the Bible both support each other.woooooooo BYU-Idaho :) Christians are people who believe in Christ and strive to live their lives 
in a way Christ would. As the one Elder said the church is focused around 
christ, His name is even in the name of the church, The Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints.Hey thanks guys you guys are awesomemay I ask one question, how in any way are Mormons Christian Woot! Brevard county FL! my home!!!!!Please... we are ALL attractive! ;)They picked the best looking elders of course.Brother and Sister missionaries - please please don't think you fail just 
because you are not successful with baptisms. The fact that you served the 
Lord is what matters most. The missionary I spoke to when I was an 
investigator never knew that I joined the church some months later. If you 
serve as a missionary and you don't bring one soul to Christ via baptism - 
you did not fail. Keep the faith. x...but there's something wrong with caffein. No? It's addictive, and when 
you are addicted to something, it's like you have to have it. In other 
words it takes away your agency which God gave us. This is why we have the 
Word of Wisdom.Where does it contradict the Bible?I appreciate the zeal Mormons show in their preaching work. I am a 
Jehovah's Witness minister and try to show the same zeal when i try to turn 
people to Christ. Nevertheless I cannot accept the Book of Mormon as it 
seriously contradicts the Holy Bible in many many points.when he said he prayed if the book of mormon was true and he said he felt 
something in him...that is the same feeling that i had when i prayed to 
know if the book and this church is true...and i know in my heart that it 
is trueAt 11:45 where the lady is talking about her mother-in-law saying 'your 
born catholic, you die catholic' is very much seen in this religion even if 
your not fully commited to that religion or involved in that church. I 
think catholics are very tough on their religion but never teach how to 
love God. And I know this because my family is catholic and they just set 
rules without any explination. I was introduced to LDS church by my 
neighbor and the missionaries are amazing.Whats the name of the band ?? they rock..!! it's not that she can't in this case - the mission pres and his wife are 
there to look after the missionaries for a determined amount of time 
(years), & missionaries are there to be missionaries. Plus their dates of 
service won't always match up. they are each out on the job with different 
assignments like in a corporation, between different dates. also there are 
more mormon women in leadership positions than in any other church - 
seriously! at least 9 in each unit! :>There's nothing wrong with coffee. Please.....Good stuff I enjoyed watching these..they are good to add to your sabbath 
day viewings :)My missionaries are amazing. Baptized two weeks ago.Weird, it's just the District re-edited. Cool though.I love that the Elder got called where he has family - I can relate cause 
my grandparents live in my mission!This is such a wonderful video, and I hope this is planned to be a full 
series. I would love more videos regularly!=') when I was a missionary I used to watch The ditrict to take courage 
hehe when is episode three coming out?HERMOSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,BELLO,,,,,,,,,,, SOY MORMONA Y ESTOY MAS 
QUE ORGULLOSA,DE SERLO Missionaries serve under the direction of a Mission President for the 
duration of their mission. During their time of service a Mission President 
will generally select two missionaries at a time to act as his assistance. May God bless the progress of His work!That's relatively correct! If you want more information about the 
Priesthood, visit lds.org/topics/priesthoodJust curious whether mormon women don't believe they can hold a high 
position? Only curious because the girls mention that they want to be 
assistants to the president, when you'd have expected most people to say 'I 
want to be the president'. Obviously I could be completely wrong and that's 
just what she personally wants to do.Hehehehe. :)why you leaving?Good work!this great material to get to know about the mormon mission service. I'm 
interested in traslating this to my language (sub español).EL VIDEOS ES MUY HERMOSO, A PESAR DE QUE STA EN EL IDIOMA INGLES SE SIENTE 
UN GRAN ESPRITU, ME GUSTARIA POR FAVOR QUE LO PUSIERAN EN ESPAÑOL SE LO 
AGRADESERIA ..Q DIOS OS BENDIGA. Is there a part two? Please upload. I want to hear more. Ty.Keep the spirit of service throughout your lives and work with the 
community to serve throughout your life. Then maybe people like me won't 
leave the church as I plan to do.would you add Spanish subtitles to it on the future, i want to share this 
with my family (they dont speak nor understand english). Thank YouThere is a key in the Book of Mormon to the gathering in of the nations; 
without it we cannot unite. God said He spoke to all nations the same 
message and commanded them to write it; it will be the same. All holy books 
guide to follow the law of God, the Prophets and the Gospels. Correction 
must come to follow the weekly memorial Sabbath God commanded in the Ten 
Commandments Exodus 20:8-11 or we cannot be one as Jesus prayed. God is His 
word, His word is God; we must worship in TRUTH.oh the district! brings out my mission memories :) I only had the first district when I was in the mtc this is good stuff. yeah! what is the name of Elder Christensen's band?? sound's goodwaaaaitttt. i've seen this before. some were taken from preach my gospel 2 
vids. wayback 2010. They published it! )Never knew what a day-to-day life of a Missionary entailed! Fascinating.latter day saints of shaycarlGreat video. What is the name of Elder Christensen's band?It is the same as the S2 of the district shown in the MTC. It's made for 
BYUTV as more of a reality show than an instructional video. Is this like a re-cut of S2 of the district?Saw some of these missionaries at the DC Temple visitors center exhibit. 
Great to see more of it!its indeed good time to shine.there is plenty of souls in the field we neet 
not to waste a sinlgle second nourishing and harvesting them to 
christ.Alma34:17-27, and Moroni 10:3-6 gives us that assuranceGreat!!! Thanks for this view into sharing the teachings of Jesus Christ. Very interesting!Being bold is key. I appreciate people are bold than tip toeing around. 
Great video! Hope a lot of people watch this.