I love Jesus!!﻿Never spent a better three minutes!﻿I loved the truth that without Jesus Christ we can do nothing. 
﻿Beautiful messages, thank you for this video﻿This is an amazing video. The Holy Ghost touches me so strongly when I see 
it. It's message is true and full of healing and power. I know that my 
Savior is real.﻿I love this video. Its helped me ever since I first saw it and it continues 
to do so now; if not more. ﻿To the 152 people who gave this a thumbs down: Shame on you.This made me tear up. I just can't understand how some people say Mormons 
aren't Christian. How can you see something like this and still believe 
that?This video helped me so many times in my process of returning to the 
church. It is very powerful! WOW! What more can be said? Jesus is the destination, the highway, and the 
transport. We just need to climb aboard.This is the video that Heavenly Father wanted me to watch...I clicked on a 
couple of others and they would start to play and stop.Than this one came 
up and I clicked on it and it played all the way....Gods way of letting me 
know He is with me,and what I need to do..Thank You i know that my redeemer live... I love this message, thanks for sharing this video.very very trueNever is too late.. hope this get in too many hearts, like its been helping 
me in my life.I love our Savior and Redeemer. I am grateful for His love and His grace 
and His Atonement, for it is by His merits alone that we can be saved!i know that whitout him i am nothing, for he made me who and how i am 
today. and for my choices in this life i am blessed and loved by him. and 
so glad and thankful that my father in heaven loves me, that he accepts me 
for how and hwo i am. for i am a child of god.The video brings me so much peace. I love the power in Church media! It is 
such a testament to me of the divinity found in creativity and the simple 
truths in bearing testimony. I'm so grateful to live in this day and age 
when sharing is so easy!TRUST THE LORD- I HAVE COME TO THE KNOWLEDGE THAT I CAN TRUST THE LORD AND 
HE WILL MAKE THINGS RIGHT AND HIS PROMISED BLESSINGS SHALL BE FULFILLED.hey tyson alder like this video think is power full and know thank for my 
friend and the friend have like your so can two me and jsut glad the savior 
give good friend like you tyson and know that leaves thank full all my 
friends who know what feeling and that he love me and care for everyone Amen.I love being a Mormon. I feel so blessed to know that my Redeemer lives, 
and that through the atonement, I can return to live with him.I could listen to this a 1000 times and still feel his love. Wow so great is the love of are god. God bless everyone. For love is joy, the love has been given For God so loved the world that he 
gave his only son, so that everyone who believes in him should not perish 
but have eternal life. Do not let it pass you, love is patient, it is 
waiting for you. This video helped me so much today! Thank you so much for posting them 
somewhere that is accessible! Powerful. Inspiring. Wonderful. The Gospel of Jesus Christ is a Gospel of 
Transformation. I love it. Our Heavenly Father loves us more than we even can know. That's sometimes 
the hardest thing to remember when we are ridden with the guilt of our past.When Jesus' Special Witnesses testify of Him, I strongly feel the Holy 
Ghost testifying of my Savior. What a beautiful reminder of why I am on a 
Mission for my God - to bring all I can this beautiful message so they too 
can be transformed to that glorious being they are meant to be.mostly knew that our Redeemer lives,but they will not understand why He 
livesWhat talks were these?PRAISE THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!!!!! FOR HE LOVES US AND HE HAS SAVED US!!!!!!I bet there will be more wonderful testimonies of the Atonement this 
weekend!@jglws12 I think you're on the right path. You recognize that you need to 
change and that it will be hard. I hope you do what is right and have the 
Lord's assistance as you try to do what is right. You CAN do it. :)@tiagonunes8 Elder Holland's talk IS in fact "Abide in Me" from April 2004 
conference. Pres. Eyring's is "O Ye That Embark" from Oct. 2008 conference.@oddrey52 Elder Joseph B. WirthlinThe words of these living prophets, seers, and revelators help us to come 
unto Christ and become more like our Heavenly Father. Moreover, we know 
from John 7:17 that when we apply their teachings and find out that good 
comes of them, we can know that these men truly do speak for God in these 
latter days. Ec 11:7 . Truly the light [is] sweet, and a pleasant [thing it is] for the 
eyes to behold the sun: @oddrey52 Elder Joseph B. Wirthlin, a man who I have come to admire more 
and more over the years for his incredible wisdom and understanding of the 
Gospel of Christ.@oddrey52 Joseph B. Wirthlin@oddrey52 Its Joseph B. Wirthlin from a talk called The Great Commandment.@oddrey52: It is Elder Wirthlin, in his talk "the Great Commandment," 
during the Oct 2007 General Conference.This makes me think of Mathew 11:28-30, 28 ¶ Come unto me, all ye that 
labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon 
you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find 
rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light. Thank you so much to those who share their testimonies. It really helps me 
:)Can anyone tell me who is speaking from 0:40 to 1:10?I love these videos. You can always feel the spirit so strong. I do love my 
Savior Jesus Christ.Mormons deny that Jesus Chist is fully God and fully man and teach that he 
atoned for all of humanity. In so doing they misrepresent both the person 
and the work of the Lord Jesus Christ, who was God manifest in the flesh (I 
Tim 3:16), and who saved his people (John 10:11) from their sins (Matt 
1:21). They also teach that one can become righteous through obedience to 
their gospel: Paul taught that the obedience of "one" made us righteous. 
(Rom 5:19) That "one" was the Lord Jesus Christ.@tiagonunes8 I think Elder Hollands talk is "Abide in Me" from April 2004. 
Not sure about President Eyring's. great clip... can someone tell me the name of the talk of elder Holland and 
Pres.Eyring? please...Amen.I feel so good insideI love this. In seminary one thing I've learned this year is that Christ is 
the only way. Without Him, we can do nothing. His presence offers an 
indescribable peace to the soul, and I testify of his power and love for 
every one of us. He'll help us if we ask. He will never leave us alone.im so broken inside :(I love watching this video again and again. Not only do I feel the love of 
God in this video, but I feel the witness of the Holy Spirit. There is so 
much deep and abiding doctrine--simple, eternal truths--in the words these 
men speak in teaching and testifying.Isn't the savior's life and death and sacrifice amazing. I feel 
overburdened today with many many things, I still struggle to humble myself 
and ask for help. but like it says in Mosiah 4:11 I have to beg for mercy, 
and He will come and He WILL carry me, and change me heart. I liked this video. We do have a heavenly Father who loves us. :)@dmorris41 I don't understand it either, but I know that He loves me, the 
sinner, and He never gives up on me, even if I do the same things over and 
over. He gives me hope!I will never comprehend... I am a disguting excuse of a person. I deserve 
eternal damnation. I have turned my back on Jesus more times than I can 
count. I am guilty of so many sins, many of which I fail to acknowledge 
even. Yet at the end of every day, he's there, wating for me... with open 
arms. I just dont get it. An indescribable Love.. a gift that I have 
ignored and thrown to the ground. Yet he still wants me to take it. I needed to hear this.Another testimony of the spirit came to me from this video. I know that My Redeemer Lives!!! Such a beautiful blessing!!! I know that, 
through His infinite Atonement, I can be relieved of my burdens & receive 
Life Eternal!!! Thanks be to Heavenly Father for such a great gift!!!i take drugs , dont go to church anymore and im quite sinfull, but it does 
not make me a bad person , i love and believe in jesus and with all my 
heart i no hes true , i always think about him , i was babtiesd with the 
holy ghost and i no it will b hard but i hope to come back to the light 
again I was suffering for my sins and guilty, and then I felt to watch this 
video, I felt the Savior closer and his mercy, and I willing to repent of 
all my sins and return to him. I know it was the Spirit that direct me t 
othis video. ThanksThis is one of the most powerful, soul touching, edifying and video's from 
our Lord's earthly messengers that I have ever seen! The spirit hits me so 
hard everytime I watch this video, it brings me to tears. I so love our 
God. God Bless you and everyone around you if you are watching this video.@SSwims I feel the exact same way, everytime I watch this video I tear up. 
Oh the big bad tough guy I used to be and now I tear up at the wonderful 
sound of our Apostle's voices talking about the savior. They are so right. 
He can change our very nature's. What a beautiful video.beautiful!!!thanksI watch this video over & over & over. Such powerful messages from living 
Apostles in our day! How grateful we are. ♥Thank you so much for this upload. I feel so broken today. I needed this 
hope to help me go on. I love Christ so much. I am so grateful for his 
tenderness and his true messengers.This is awesome@jedbrinton From all forms of addiction and even the very burden of death. 
I say amenThis is an amazing program. Its message is central to the gospel, in that 
it provides truth about the atonement of the Savior. Our burdens can be 
lifted, and life will give each of us every opportunity to accept the fact 
that our lives are "unmanageable" without his guidance and direction. The 
Savior lives. He loves me. I am so thankful that I have been brought by 
life to a place where I am accepting that fact and that the Lord speaks and 
directs my life for which I am eternally grateful.Jesus Christ has given me a glimpse of the person I'm capable of becoming 
and of the divine potential of everyone else. That amazing vision becomes 
clearer to me every day as I walk with Him. The more I rely on His 
Atonement, the more reliable I become to myself and to everyone else.absolutely wonderful, thank you for creating this videoWe truly can be healed, sealed, changed and glorified through our loving 
Savior. When we carry a heavy burden, may we never forget that He has and 
will carry it for us.This really uplifted me this morning. I'm now sharing it on my facebook. Oh 
that everyone would watch it!I love my Savior so much. He Lives and Loves Us so very much.Great video. I love all of the quotes. They were really powerful. This video is so moving. It really says it all. Without Christ, we can do 
nothing.Whether I feel down or even the moments I feel truly blesses I watch this 
video as a reminder. How grateful we should all be for the sacrifice from 
our dear brother and Savior Jesus Christ. I hope we will all remember what 
He has done for us. He loves you, always. This is so true!Oh how my heart swells with the beautiful testimonies of the Apostles and 
of the faithful comments ... Praise be to our God!!!Although I'm not a mormon, I must say, well said. Christ is the answer.@Jynx67 God works through his spirit to touch our lives. He knows the 
language of each of our hearts. Everything we ever do in life is because we 
feel like doing it. That is our motivation center. Prayer is an exersice of 
faith. Spiritual truths can only be understood by sincere prayer.. God 
bless you on yur journeyPowerful!