We need God's power to save the world from the path of destruction it's in. 
Jesus Christ we welcome you in our lives. God Bless you brothers﻿Jesus Christ set your light on us and show us the way to the father. Bless 
you all﻿"We ought to obey God rather than men."﻿Bad things happen to good people frequently because of evil people. But God 
will make things right and works of evil men like the persecutors of Peter 
and John and the persecutors of  all of those chosen by God to declare 
truth sense the world began will come to naught and they will be condemned. 
     ﻿Good idea in explaining gospel and bible events in picture form, and it 
will have good impact on the viewers.Even Jesus preached with parables, to 
explain heavenly truth with earthly examples.May GOD bless your ministry.Woopwoop! Congratulations! Always seek the truth and always remember the 
feeling you feel right now...that feeling follows truth. That's the Spirit 
of God testifying of truth. Excellent Video!! I was very moved by Paul's teaching.You worship God. You do not pray to Jesus. You pray in his name to God,Peter and John are missionaries as great as Alma and Amulek in the Book of 
Mormon or any of the great missionaries of our own age. I'm very grateful for this kind of videos because they help me to lear more 
about Christ. In fact, I taught to the Seminary Students with these videos 
because we were learning the New Testament... After the class I put them in 
their Inbox on Facebook that they may learn after their Seminary Classes. I 
suggest you that you can translate more videos in Spanish. Thanks for your 
help. This really shows how brilliant Christ is. Not only did he answer the 
question without falling into their trap, but he showed where their 
loyalties lied. The Pharisee had a roman coin, and not a Jewish one, 
showing where his allegiance lied and how he was payed off. He could just 
as easily had a Jewish coin from the Temple. This made that Pharisee look 
like a traitor to the Jews for accepting Roman coins.The person who played the priest at 2:25 is a good friend of ours. Pretty 
cool.So Christians worship Jesus Christ, but not God?I want to see the other apostle speak! Amazing videos though. So grateful 
to be a part of a church founded upon the original principles of Christ, as 
well as upon revelation, prophets, and apostles!!I Love to listen my entire life God's words and His statute. And always 
reminds me Saint Peter's word that "we all one heart & one soul". no matter 
which corner of the earth we live :)Peter and John was before greats!! and now they're Lord's friends and we 
have to feel and acting like them..it is my prayer my dear brothers and 
sisters love youwow! how was it!?!?!?!?Everyone says be like david, who defeated goliath, Dont be like peter who 
sunk in the ocean... but i would rather be peter than david. David 
committed coveting of another mans wife, adultry, and basically murder, 
Peter walked on watter even though he sank he walked on water. I say lets 
be like Peter, give it all we have and if we sink, Christ will save us!Awesome! Way to go.I've always loved what Gamaliel told the Pharisees right there."We ought to obey God, rather than men"I love Peter, a fisherman who grew and became the kind of man the Lord saw 
in him. A man full of strenght, full of faith, full of light, full of 
courage, the same man who denied the Lord that famous night, but the same 
man who jumped into the water to reach his Lord on the seashore after His 
resurrection. Watching this video cannot but make me feel grateful for such 
an example, an example to be likened, like the one from our Lord.Good for you!!!Congratulations! I'm so happy for you! Stay strong! Peter was a good and great disciple of Christ.Peter really got to understand The Gospel of Jesus Christ.It takes time for people to change. But they do. Eventually...I love how Peter is played by the actor who portrayed Joseph Smith and they 
are both beaten for their beliefs and for teaching the gospel but they 
still go out and share the gospel with a smile on their faces. Truly 
inspiring.If you click on the Mormon Channel link below the title of the video, there 
are 45 Bible videos to be found there! :)There is a series of videos filmed by the LDS church based off of the King 
James version of the bible. You can find them by searching for Bible videos.It's filmed by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. There's 
tons of these videos on Mormon Channel here on youtube. They started with 
the nativity story and went chronologically through Jesus' life and now 
they are into the Acts of The Apostles. They release one every couple of 
weeks.These videos are produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints (the Mormons). You may be able to get more information about the 
actual production by going to lds.org/bible-videos. I can't post the actual 
link here because YouTube doesn't allow external links.. If not, you can go 
to lds.org, scroll toward the bottom of the page and find the link to this 
video. The full video series starts with the months preceding the birth of 
Christ through the ministries of the Apostles.The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints filmed this. They used cast 
and crew from all around the world to create these wonderful depictions of 
the life of the Savior and his Apostles. Google Bible Videos and you will find them. They won't allow me to share 
the link. Sorry.I get baptized next week!I am deeply moved as I watch the faithfulness of Peter and John, 
persevering regardless of the actions and threats of man. This strengthens 
my resolve to do better, to forsake all things unworthy, and to humbly 
kneel in prayer; asking forgiveness for my weaknesses, bad choices, and 
stupid mistakes. I am grateful for these great examples of worthy men, 
using the priesthood power given to them by God, to help other people, 
while suffering themselves. These videos are wonderful, even supernal. :DMay we all be these kind of missionaries and servants of God. That we will 
do and preach His will no matter how much Earth and Hell oppose us and no 
matter what the hazard.