love it love it. Its real and original as it must be. The orchestra and the 
voices blending. Quite inspiring﻿This choir is just awesome. They really capture the spirit like no other. 
How in the world can there be any thumb downs on this???﻿Must as it should be. Inspiring hearts toward Heaven.﻿Touching! Moving! Inspiring!﻿Definitely prefer this to the Sandy Patty performance.﻿Wonderful nun weiss ich nicht ob es in Deuschland ist.﻿Nice a capellaAre you LDS? and if you are you know whyWONDERful!!! Merry Christmas, God bless you!I love the harmonies of this "tentative" arrangement. Works as well 
emotionally for me as any faster arrangement.Beautiful, simply beautiful... Imagine a chorus of saints singing in HIS 
presence, Saints without number, beyond the horizon.......Beautiful, simply beautiful...vcx9, The choir has sung it the way you prefer on other postings. I agree 
it's a different arrangement than the way I'm used to singing and hearing 
this Christmas hymn. However, look at it this way. In the opening of the 
movie "Gone With the Wind," the music of "Dixie" is played in a completely 
different way than the song is usually sung. A really well written piece of 
music often allows for several different interpretations. The only thing I 
would complain about here is the ugly neckties.Beautifully Done! May God Continue to Bless You!It is to bad people does not have the christmas feeling all year round . 
Maybe we could have peace on earth, I feel it everyday, and I am a Roman Catholic. Maybe it is a blessing WE 
ALL enjoy and few recognize it. :)Beautyful!Mack Wilberg butchered a lot of the repetoire of MoTab and this was one of 
the songs that did fall victim to that. The previous arrangement with the 
Philadelphia Orchestra and the great Ormandy conducting far surpasses this 
arrangement. But, as a sublime hymn for the Christmas season this is quiet 
effective, although the cacphony harmonizations in the thrid verse do tend 
to drawn away from the hymn (but Wilberg can be faulted for that). Overall, 
a great piece of work.Absolutely the best - anyone who doesn't love this is sadly lacking in 
spirituality. It is not and was never meant to be a loud, jubilant offering 
- that title may belong to Joy to the World or Gloria in Exclesis Deo! This 
is adoring and deep - just as it is meant to be! Love it - seriously!!This song gives me good goose bumps! It really makes me feel that spiritual 
Christmas feeling and reminds of Christmas when I was littleI´m grateful for this wonderful song. Merry christmas 2012 to everyone in 
the world.Magnificent! This is way too slow in tempo and tentative in mood. The Choir disappoints 
me here. This should be the loudest, most jubilant hymn in the canon. As 
done here, it's, well, nothing. This is beautiful. I want the audio mp3 version of this흑인은 다 잡아 먹었나 ? 달랑 한 사람만 .. .. 주여 ! 용서 하소서 .. ...I cant believe this video has dislikes! Did satan make youtube accounts or 
something ?Awesome!!one word: amazing!!!! This is very gorgeous. I'm very impressed. I love this hymn. It's 
incredible that they're exactly on pitch when the orchestra comes in, 
because that's nasty hard.wonderful@assailant85 I LOVED that version, I wanna find out too!it may sound weird, but does anyone know where I can find the version that 
is played in... kevin alone in new york -.... don't laugh :DAnd that, my friends, is the closest thing we have on this earth that 
defines the word, Majesty!That was just spectacular!!....made me feel all Christmassy and it's the 
middle of March!!!Well, i have no words to describe what I just heard!!! Simply perfect!!!!! 
Does anyone have the sheet music for this song....you know, all instruments 
and voice arrangement. Thanks a lot.tears - stunningly beautiful. Merry Christmas!Words cannot describeI have heard the Mormon Tabernacle Choir sing this song along with Josh 
Groban and Celine Dion, and while they are both wonderful singers, my 
favorite part is when the choir starts singing! I am so proud of this 
choir, and the way they bring the Gospel to people all over the world!You know what I love? The Spirit you feel when you hear this music. amazingbeautiful hymnBeautiful! perfect!brilliant!!!!!so powerful... it brings tears to my eyes and reminds me what Christmas is 
really about.4,238 veiws and only 77 likes?? Come on people the like button is here for 
a reason! Ah gots to love the beautiful Christmas music!SuperMagnifiqueWow the orchestra is amazing. Truly beautiful and spiritual!Great Christmas music.Powerful and heavenly...I love it!Yay! I love the Tabernacle Choir!Come to Bethlehem. Great Arrangement Merry Christmas!This is my most favorite Christmas song of all time! Thank you so much for 
putting this up!Oh I'm so glad this is up! It was such a beautiful arrangement!!