kATHERINE jENKINS SINGS LIKE A NIGHTINGALE AND IS CHARMING AT THE SAME 
TIME!   Cymru Am Byth!﻿nice katherine!!! nice MTC!!!﻿Es dificil agregarle mas perfección a esta interpretación, Coro del 
Tabernáculo, Orquesta de la Manzana del Templo y Katherine Jenkins. 
Maravilloso﻿light through peace dove﻿I love God!﻿Beyond beautiful!﻿Magnífico, muito lindo e emocionante!﻿hmmmmmm
wonderful
makes me to remember my dad who is the first pioneer in the family
rip dad﻿Rather spectacular for a former school teacher... Actually it's just 
spectacular, especially Habanara from Carmen.﻿a voir et écouter﻿C' est merveilleux, d'entendre ces douces voix pleine  de joie, ca nous 
apporte la joie﻿magnifica!!!!﻿i love this mormon church but i dont live anywhere near mormons﻿music can touch me to my core and make me feel something different...﻿Our Father in heaven, gives a special gift for all of members of Choir and 
Orchestra!!!
With their music, they can touch so many hearts around the world!!! 
Beautiful!!!﻿Make sure to catch her "Habanara" from the Opera Carmen starting at 51 
minutes. The best 10 minutes of the evening including her dance.
Steve﻿i wish i can get a dvd of this wonderful 2012 Pioneer concert.  I have been 
listening since then.  She is amazing wonderful, music is beautiful.﻿what a blessing!!﻿As a Welsh mormon I have so much pride! Our home grown Katherine Jenkins 
with the Tabernacle Choir so great!﻿It the best song I have ever heard and it also makes me cry and feel the 
spirit.
﻿Magnifica!!!!﻿Música Sacra vale la pena escuchar y disfrutar Dios Bendiga esa música Amén﻿Magnificent Choir, however we often overlook the Orchestra playing 
Magnificent for them. What a wonderful event and experience to watch. So 
far this is my second total watch through.﻿angels sing hallelujah﻿This is a sweet  performance , Mormon Tabernacle Choir rocks !!!﻿ fantastic awesome﻿She's a total BABE!﻿I'm blown away!!!﻿thank you﻿Absolutely stunning. What a beautiful performance. Thank you!﻿I don´t think it´s make a diferent. Mormons open their doors to everyone 
who wants to search our Doctrine and Church. Shes a very remarkable singer 
a a beatifull woman mormon or not.﻿Que maravilha ! ...Uma completa e harmoniosa beleza ! Belíssima Orquestra ! 
 Divinamente um grandioso coral ! E uma belíssima Mezzo Soprano !﻿benditos sean aquellos.que usan sus talentos para llevar el mensage eterno 
de salvacion a cada miembro e investigador....al mundo entero......gracias﻿musical beauty and spirit and physical perfection--what a way to greet the 
new day!Sem palavras! um concerto maravilhoso onde se nota a perfeita comunhão da 
musica com Deus.what a great Concert.Amoraslman, you will be warmly welcome to get in the conference center. 
Every Sunday morning, there is a performance from the Tabernacle. I am 
Cambodian and Church is a home to me. We welcome every regardless race and 
belief; so, whenever you have time, just visit the temple square or I can 
help you with that. It's happened at last - I have finally fallen in love with you Americans as 
a nation. God bless you all from the bottom of my heart.Katherine is pure class ....always has been ...always will be .....Es maravilloso cómo tranquiliza e inspira el alma, algo de lo que siempre 
estamos necesitados. Da fortaleza, ánimos e inspiración. El Señor está en 
todas partes y, en todo lugar lo podemos sentir.Shortest one-hour concert I've ever seen and heard~~ Great fun and 
entertainment for all~ believer or non-believer~~ For He is righteousness 
and mercy, Amen.Beautiful!Yes of course they will. You just have to get tickets somehow. Or music and 
the spoke word is every Sunday.Speechless Katherine and the Choir . They lifted me. I am a African American, will the church allow me to attend one of these 
concerts? I really was inspired!Estas tre bela... Mirinda....Es uno de los coros más hermosos que existen. Las grabaciones sen del más 
alto nivel. La Comunidad de Salt Lake City se puede sentir orgullosa de lo 
que tiene. Enhorabuena. Visitar esta zona de EE.UU es uno de mis sueños. It was good to commemorate these historical events of the Church and with 
Dame Jenkins. Blessed honored Pioneer!!!Gracias al Coro del Tabernáculo Mormón y a la hermosa presencia y voz de 
Katherine Jenkins Programas como estos enaltecen el espíritu y nos acercan 
mas a Dios... I never knew that she liked old Hollywood musicals. She sings "And This is 
My Beloved" beautifully!The Holy Spirit SocietyMuch gratitude for such a much needed gift (and lift) of song!A great performance by all .. Especially Katherine jenkins. A great 
audience to support those who performed.thank you to the Mormon Tabernacule Choir, and Kath Jenekins and other 
people, you are for me my inspiration. I live in Colombia more exactly in 
Chiquinquira, Boyaca Thank you for starting my day with such inspiration. I always love the 
Tabernacle choir, and they highlight these programs with such magnificent 
performers. Katherine Jenkins is such a beautiful person with such a 
marvelous gift from God. Thank you, Youtube so we can see this from half 
way around the world.Maravilhoso!Beautiful music, very inspiring..Fenomenalno. Excelent, Beautiful. Ne znam koje bih reci jos 
upotrebio.Obozavam je.One of the most spectacular Mormon Tabernacle Choir performances I have 
seen since their glory days when they performed with Eugene Ormandy and his 
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra.ES UNA MARAVILLA ESCUCHAR ESTO... ES EL CANTO DE LOS ÁNGELES DE VERDAD..Spectacular Performance! Magnífico. Já tive a oportunidade de assistir o Coro do Tabernáculo no 
Tabernáculo e no Centro de Convenções. É algo inesquecível. É uma 
referência de qualidade, exuberância, celestialidade e espiritualidade que 
nos faz ficar leve e compreender a magnitude da influência do Espírito de 
Deus em nossos corações, ajudando-nos a ser pessoas melhores. Thank you all for this inspiring experience. Even the "Angels Above Us 
Silent Notes Taking" stopped and enjoyed this divine experience. This... is truly heaven's sound ! Blessed ones who love and respect the 
reason WHY our Heavenly Father gave us such POWER: the Word/Sound. Just... 
Perfect and Beautiful. We were here and the show is great either way! :)Los miembros actuales de la iglesia estamos recogiendo los frutos que nos 
legaron nuestros hermanos pioneros...ellos estan en el Reino Celestial del 
Padre...LOVE..This is disappointing. Katherine Jenkins is not a secular singer, and they 
had her singing, "I Could Have Danced All Night"?Very goodI had the Choir assist me with my lesson in Church today. They sang "Have I 
Done Any Good"! It was great! Thanks, MoTab for the help.mil gracias por el momento hermoso.....Came to the name of tabernacle choir in a book on mormon history and found 
this the youtube. This performance is magnificant. I enjoy it so much.I've loved Widors Toccata, Organ Symphony No. 5 (occurring around 1:00:35) 
for an eternity and a day. I believe we all have our favorite pieces of 
music we love, but there is usually just one piece that is the Ultimate 
Favorite in our personal repertoire. Widors Toccata is mine. I was 
fascinated, however, when the choir began singing lyrics to it. I've 
Googled "Sing!" for lyrics but without success. Does anyone know where 
"Sing!" lyrics may be found? Many Thanks.Fantastic concert, especially loved the choral version of Widors Tocatta - 
it should have been Clay Christiansen playing the organ though, he's the 
best Tabernacle organist by far! This was a treat to find on youtube, such great music. Katherine Jenkins is 
just incredible !!! Pretty much the choir of the Church Of Jesus Christ Of Latter Day Saints.All we need is mormon hear a wonderful chorus like that! We are happy we 
these people in our lives, and this invitation to all to want to live 
happily for eternity.All we need is mormon hear a wonderful chorus like that! We are happy we 
these people in our lives, and this invitation to all to want to live 
happily for eternity.