I love the lord!﻿I think that a really good way to serve in our community is to go out side 
and meet our neighbors. Then when your next door neighbor has something 
going on you will already be his friend, and know what that is. (You will 
know him) This has really helped my husband and I. We are kind to the 
people in the grocery line. We talk to our neighbors and ask if they are 
alright. One of our neighbors is a widow. We try to make sure that each of 
them are okay. I believe that it is those personal interactions in the 
world that make the biggest impact. We have chickens and we like to take 
eggs to our neighbors and let them know that we are here if they ever need 
us. (We don't live in a predominantly LDS community) That has really 
enriched my life personally, and it helps restore my faith in humanity. 
Also when you do something good it spreads like a wild fire. The good that 
is felt in those moments passes from one person to the next. Try it! :)﻿"Love one another as I loved you."﻿There are no words that I can bring forth,even from the depths of my heart 
to say how grateful I am to You Tube and it's it's many media sources for 
all is in allowing me to drink in Heavenly Father's love and joy thru this 
wonderful media. The testimony's and
Videos with or without music, fill me with such inspirational pleasure. 
Amen.﻿Thank you for sharing this. I truly love that this is available for God's 
children to receive. There is only love.﻿If you love God,
You shall have no other gods before Me.
If you love God,
You shall not make idols.
If you love God,
You shall not take the name of the LORD your God in vain.
If you love God,
Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy.
If you love God,
Honor your father and your mother.
If you love God,
You shall not murder your neighbor.
If you love God,
You shall not commit adultery.
If you love God,
You shall not steal.
If you love God,
You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.
If you love God,
You shall not covet what your neighbor has.

Yep, he's right. If you LOVE God first, the rest is easy to understand. If 
you can't do that, at least follow the 10th commandment. If you have no 
covet in your heart, you won't need to murder, commit adultery, steal or 
lie about what your doing in your neighbors car.﻿I hope people realise that this was one of the ten commandments, if you 
break one of these commandments, you break all of them. I can guarantee 
that each one of you has broken all of the commandments. Our salvation is 
not based on following the law, if you havnt already heard.

Remember people, Jesus gave us one commandment - "Love each other". This 
includes your enemies and friends. We are no longer under the obligation to 
force people to obey laws. Dont go out into the world and force people with 
violence to do the right thing. But show love for them and show them the 
truth, the rest is their choice. Before Jesus left this world he said - "It 
is finished" this declares the end of the forceful law. Instead we live by 
the power of grace not by the power of force.﻿How many times Christians have to hear this message and continue to judge 
others stating you are not Christian because you worship the Virgin Mary? 
To be a Christian you just have to believe in Jesus Christ. ﻿♡﻿♡﻿Yay!! it works!!! Thank you. Hey - not sure what you're seeing, but the Church that I know really does 
serve others. In my ward we care for those in distress; help the sick, 
share food with the hungry and so on... President Monson's message of 
rescue is exactly what you are talking about - we need to care and help 
those in need. Don't let a few foolish people throw you off track... So sorry to hear you were treated badly, or saw things that fell short of 
what you expected (hypocrisy). President Uchtdorf gave a talk on this very 
subject at Conference just a week ago, it was very uplifting. I don't know 
you, but I am always sad to hear anyone leave. Hard to make things right by 
a comment, but I hope you find what you are looking for. :)Completey agree. In 1 John 4:20 it teaches: "If a man say, I love God, and 
hateth his brother, he is a liar..." Jesus loved everyone, even those that 
put him to death. We should strive to do the same.Loving someone is never evil. Hate can never be "holy". I find it extremely 
unsettling that people want to "Kill the Gays" and then use the Bible OR 
other holy books to justify their actions. Ignoring the fact, that they ARE 
breaking one of the 10 commandments "Thou shalt not kill!" Jesus Our Lord's 
instructions made that distinction Prayers and Love! Andre~ ZAmazing video, love itJehova Witnesses ? These videos are wonderful. Please put subtitles in Portuguese.it sounds a lot better win God's name is there. =) YHVH ”(NWT)MARK 12: 
29 Jesus answered: “The first is, ‘Hear, O Israel, Jehovah our God is one 
Jehovah, 30 and you must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and 
with your whole soul and with your whole mind and with your whole 
strength.’ 31 The second is this, ‘You must love your neighbor as 
yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.Dios ocupa gengte inperfecta para hacer cosas perfectas.....I think that is why in the Book of Mormon in 1 Nephi 8, even some of those 
who do partake of the fruit of the tree of life fall away. No one is 
guaranteed to become more like the Savior. Mormons definitely aren't. We 
all need to repent. I'm with you. I'm disgusted with myself as a member of 
the Church to not live up to this commandment all day every day. I have so 
much to change... cus I know I will not want to be in the Savior's presence 
unless I gain this love for God, others, and myself.If members understood the significants of loving Heavenly Father with all 
your heart might mind and strength and thy neighbor likes I self. They 
would understand the path to Exultation. The more you love God the more you 
are obedient to his commandments. And loving thy neighbor as thyself you 
would remember that when you are in the service of others ye are in the 
service of your God.These videos are wonderful. I love the way they portray the LORD as loving 
yet firm in knowledge and faith.the internet is a poisen, it will say all kinds of things, do the things 
and ask god yourself! and you will get an answer, im sorry to hear your 
going through a tough time, but the temple is the only place i feel peace, 
and the church is true! the whole world could tell me it isnt but i love it 
so much i dont care about all its hate, because its real and true ofcourse 
it gets the most opposition! i was baptised last september, god prepared me 
cause i sure didnt do it! it just happened, hes herethe people arent perfect but the church and doctrine is, im the only onein 
my family, i get ridiculed and people judge, but they do not understand it 
simply makesme happy and i know that god lives, and thisis the true 
doctrine, the feelings i get are like none other, start reading the 
scriptures again, watch general conference, it speaks for itself you know 
its true, i hope you start to feel better really soon, we become that upon 
which we focus- focus on father in heaven and he will not fail u!That says alot. So good I had to write it down so I won't forget it. I can 
see why teacher is part of your name - Thanks for sharingWhy does he have a British accent?For those saying the people in the church are imperfect so therefore the 
church must not be true...you have been disceived....no man is perfect 
except Jesus Christ and God...we should be patient with our fellow man...Looks like your comment was posted eh? :) Hey, I'm acting on what I see, 
and I see the opposite. My bishop, my stake president, youth group leaders, 
and other people with no official calling at all have listened to me when I 
had questions and needed them most. I don't know your circumstance, but 
maybe you should try again? 'til then, you can see that we're ready to 
listen here right?CHARITY, the true love of Christ, heals and lifts ...and brings great JOY 
competition tears down and hurts... and destroys good feelings in 
relationshipsIt is a miracle that God chooses imperfect people to do a perfect work. All 
we can do is try our honest best to be like the Saviour. I love the peace 
the gospel brings as I try.I once made the mistake of judging the church by its members. I was 
humiliated by a group of fellow institute members mocked because I wanted 
temple marriage. they even mocked my disabled friends, who happen to be of 
diff faith., i went inactive, drank and lived the college life, but in the 
end I only hurt myself. The church is True. no matter the imperfections of 
it members. It has the power of The holy Ghost to sanctify us and make a 
pure and truly happy. Come Home. The church will welcome uso many time in one life they think just because they don't feel they have 
much to give or if they feel they are both poor in heart and poor in spirit 
that all they have to do is endure to the end and the rich in money an or 
those that might be rich in spirit will make the effort. but it is ask that 
we all give , the widow and her might, the sick woman at the side of the 
road when the Savoir said who has touch me, she had to put forth her hand 
to touch. Chose you this day whom ye will serve. I trust you live your life accordingly, which is really the entire point to 
my postings, not to knock the church but to plead for loving actions. I 
wish I could agree that no other church is as loving, I hope one day the 
church will be as much a beacon for what it means to serve the community as 
some others I can think of. It's not enough to say we love fellow Mormons, 
we need to make our communities better even for the poorest of the children.By the way I am surprise and thankful that my comments did get posted. I'd 
like to think there's room for loving dissent. What I said is meant as love 
even if it is also dissent, I'm trying to say that if the message in this 
video is at the heart of our actions (with ourselves, with those in the 
church, and in the community) we'd be stronger as people and the church 
would be stronger. This video expresses perfectly the direction I would 
love to see. I believe that an important aspect of loving thy neighbor includes service 
in the community, working with the community, striving to help build better 
opportunities for people. The Church is people, and the people I know, who are the Church, are 
imperfect, but collectively are better at loving God and neighbor than any 
other people that I know of. writerteacher - what do you mean? What do missionaries argue with you 
about? To whom it may concern: I know this comment won't be posted and that's OK. 
I'm wishing someone would listen. A Bishop won't. A Stake President Won't. 
Missionaries argue with me. Please, please rededicate yourself to service 
in the community. This video expresses what I have been wanting in church 
since childhood. If I had found it in the LDS church in the last few 
decades I'd stay. It's not enough to talk. You must act on this message. 
Please. Why does the church not live up to this commandment? I didn't want to leave.We love God and He loves us. Light cleaveth unto light.Notice Jesus also states; "On these two commandements hang ALL the laws of 
the Prophets." Interesting that its really just that simple. This is one of 
the most striking and profound statements made by anyone in history, the 
"Sermon on the Mount" being equally recognized. Philosophers to this day 
continue to be amazed by Christ's response.very true if the Savior said it we should do it Truth is profound It has the last say To all around It shows us The WaySweet video. Thumbs up for the savior's sacrifice and loveWonderful video. How did I miss this account in the scriptures? I had to go 
to Mark 12:28-34 and read it. It's perhaps one of the few times a scribe 
agrees with Jesus. Both agreed on the most important commandments: Love God 
and love our neighbor. And then Jesus praises him saying, "Thou art not far 
from the kingdom of God." That scribe may have later joined the church...He who honors God, God honors. AWESOME!Thank you.