This is fantastic. Love it!﻿Love this﻿I adore this video. It has humour along with a wonderful message ^^﻿A good reminder to reflect upon ourselves and how we perceive the world, 
before we pass judgement on others.﻿#judgenot﻿The way they made this video made me laugh. Her face when she realized the 
windows were dirty and not her neighbors laundry was awesome!﻿I love the gospel﻿her profile looks a lot like florence welch﻿When I think of this, I think of the Golden Rule: "Therefore, all things 
whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them."  I 
also like the first two lines of the hymn, "Should you feel inclined to 
censure faults you may in others view, ask your own heart ere you venture, 
if you have not failings too."﻿AWESOME never judge amen. that is our mormon pledgeSomeone clearly missed the message being given ;)Im in trouble now..a Reminder. Eye opener. I was like what!! Thats awesome. Amazing videoGreat video! Fantastic message!Love this! "Thus the commandment...Judge not."it is always hard to keep clean in the world and that we always have a bad 
thing in usIn my 40+ years as a member, I have never once heard anyone condemn those 
"in the world" as inferior at any time, anywhere.There is a saying that is 
quite accurate, "people can leave the Church, but they can't leave it 
alone". I imagine that is what is going on in your case. It's sad that you 
see it as hate filled, I see it completely opposite of your view.oh we watched this in young mens once. we laughed so hard when we saw the 
ladyDefinitely, I would hope that we would stick to kindness and love when 
dealing with others. (: Especially if their beliefs our different than 
ours. We talked about something like this in Institute a few days ago. How we 
shouldn't judged others because they're not on the same level we are. We 
are not above them, but we are not below them either. Everyone is at 
different levels of learning about the Gospel and everyone is on a 
different level of faith, so it's important not to judge others just 
because they're different than we are.I love this! So retro and adorable. Great message too HAHAH THIS IS GREAT AND DEF FUNNY LOL My uncle is in this!!! :DThe guy who is the husband is my uncle!!! :DThe medium of film tells a story in pictures: external conflicts are the 
things we see. By putting the husband & wife on separate sides of the issue 
we see clearer what each side looks like. Also when making a short film its 
best to use caricatures. Limited screen time = limited character 
development, but caricatures make characters knowable. I think this message 
is more effective, because it plays of off stereotypes. Playing off of 
stereotypes usually mean you don't agree with them.How I judge Mormons: overall nice people but scarily over happy and clearly 
brainwashed. Pretty accurate so far. Incredible message!can anyone help me find this video without the mormon message? i wanna show 
it at my school but i cant because of the mormon message. HELP!I LIKE PIZZA and this video tooIt is truly amazing how easily it is to point a finger, but so difficult to 
admit wrongdoing or misjudging another. If only we were open-minded and 
forgiving of others...So ironic that the church would put this video together. After a lifetime 
in the church I can confidently say that the most prominent message from 
leaders and members alike is to judge outsiders. Condemnation of those in 
"the world" as inferior is what gets preached from the pulpit and echoed in 
sunday school every week. So glad I woke up to the cult that is mormonism. 
It's amazing how much more love and kindness is found in "the world" than 
in this empty, hate-filled religion.Sooooooo true....We are blessed to be able to "clean our own windows" and improve our 
eternal vision.The lady looking through the window has got some sweet glassesseriously?I love the message of this video. How can anyone dislike this message? Seriously... I'm a protestant... and I 
can see the value of this message. Wow... great message. its great! we did not have this lesson not to long ago and i loved this story...so i 
was suprised that they had this video on it...they did such a good job with 
it I love this man!Love it! i have been baptized so i have been in the church ever sense i was bornawesome message :Das mormons we need to keep this message in mind when it comes to people who 
don't act or believe exactly as we do! Especially when one of our own 
decides to leave the church or is gay-how do we treat them? :)))))))))))))))Well, if you have all the facts, help instead of judge! We do our best to 
help always and never judge anyway!No, not stupid. The message is that we really can never judge anybody 
because A: We never know every single thing about somebody else's 
situation. Like, you may see somebody at school and say "Wow, looks like 
they haven't showered in a week!" And that persons house burned down a 
couple days before. Yes, it could happen. And B: We may be looking so hard 
on somebody else's faults and not see our own. Wouldn't it be so awesome if everyone didn't judge!!!Cool!!! Has she been in other videos or movies? She looks very familiarso truelol i like this message thomas s monson is cool prophetThen your aunt is good at cleaning her laundry!Love it!Great message! :)The message is to not judge others because we all have our problems and 
shortcomings, none of us are perfect. In this case, the lady was judging 
the neighbor thinking that she always had "dirty laundry", when it was 
really her window, or her view, that needed the cleaning. We seldom know 
everything, and even then we mustn't judge others.i might sound stupid but i dont understand the "message"Only God can have all the facts :)I love this talk because we all need to apply it to every aspect of our own 
lives so that we can be better children of our Heavenly Father.what this video is that we should not judge. the lady was looking through 
her window thinking that her neighbor was unable to clean her own clothes 
when the problem was not her neighbor's incompetence but her own view. 
Moral of the story? do not judge without all the fact (do not judge at all) 
and that sometimes what we see is obstructed by our own viewI am a Christian and I like this message! Thank you so much for posting 
your comment! It glorifies the message of the video all the more!I think we all have to make decisions about people and organizations. There 
are some people that are just too dangerous to be around. That doesn't mean 
I am judging their intentions. We can't judge what is inside another 
person, but we can disagree with their actions ("the facts"). However, I 
think you are referring to judging the Church, and for that judgement I 
think the relevant facts are spiritual. I hope those are the facts that you 
base your decision about the Church on.Not gonna even lie I got teary eyed watching thisI love this! Also, she reminds me of Steve from Blues Clues, and the music 
kinda helps that along :-D"are we making judgements when we don't have all the facts?" so what 
happens when you do have the facts and they are tell you something wrong is 
going on? this is the problem with the church today. great message tho i 
love how it was done.WOW.I Loved this video so much!simple.... stop judging others I don't know how I missed this GEM. What an original video. I have never 
seen or heard a Mormon Message like this. I absolutely love the 'retro' 
look, feel and sound. It really drives the 'point' home. I have to be 
honest - I got a lump in my throat when President Monson's voice came on. 
What he says and the music behind him were so touching. Thank you again 
Mormon Messages - I'll share this with everyone I know.i don't get itBecause that "guy" had little education and so for him to forge a book 
hundreds of pages long with prophecies of things that happened after the 
1800's is impossible without divine help. If you're really interested you 
can always find the nearest LDS church and ask for missionaries. They could 
tell you alot more than I can in this 500 character comment box. :)It is an ancient record that was translated through revelation. Joseph 
Smith was shown its location by the Angel Moroni. If you want to know for 
yourself if it is true or not, I invite you to read it and ask God for 
yourself. After reading it, I asked in prayer if it was true and the Spirit 
of God confirmed that it was. I have never doubted since :) You can request 
a free copy on mormon.org or read it online at lds.org. It is an ancient record that was translated through revelation. Joseph 
Smith was shown its location by the Angel Moroni. If you want to know for 
yourself if it is true or not, I invite you to read it and ask God for 
yourself. After reading it, I asked in prayer if it was true and the Spirit 
of God confirmed that it was. I have never doubted since :) You can request 
a free copy on mormon.org or read it online at lds.org. I understand how you feel. My husband is a member but he's never been 
active. He doesn't go to church for the same reason as your husband. I know 
it can be discouraging at times but strive to move forward. Through 
Heavenly Father and in his time, all things are possible as long as we are 
faithful. From the looks of your screen name, I can tell you first hand as 
well, that military life doesn't make it easy for someone with a wavering 
testimony. Hang in there. You're not alone.Have you taken the time to read the book? Here is the challenge. Read it 
and ask yourself if anyone not inspired by God could have written itthat was so FUNNY dont judge a window when your not a judge@thepdw I don't think soHaha, this made me giggle. :)Perfect timing, it's one of the main things I'm working on right now :/ :)Great video, great message and reminder. I guess 27 dislikes are from 
people who think they could do a better job??Desde lo más profundo de mi corazón deseo aprender a no ver los errores de 
los demás y ver todos mis errores para cambiar y ser una mejor hija de 
Dios. More Mormon Messages like this. I love this video and share it often. <3 
Especially to my husband. I am LDS and he is not. :-( He has preconceived 
notions about the church. 'Judge Not.' <3 thus the commandments. Judge not :)what an EYE OPENER!!! thanks for the reminder! Love it:) and love president Monson, hes a sweet guy, and my favorite 
apostle:)Hillary Straga way to go LOLI really liked this Message, sometimes its real easy to judge or find fault 
with other people , and we can't see what is in the others persons heart, I 
like the primary hymn I want to be kind to every one for that is right you 
see, so I say to my self remember this Kindness begins with me. Not Judging 
others begins with me too:)lol awesome :)Judge not. Best learned early in life. Never to be forgotten this lesson.Dude, love the unnaturally blue face mask. anyone know where to get it?XDBefore my convertion I went through life been judge very hardly by others 
and it was very painful. Today all eyes are on me because I belong to the 
true church of the Lord Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and with a change 
of heart I'm as clear cristal waters, very transparent!What?! I guess I'm too slow I didn't understand it very clearly.I LOVE IT