I have been working every single day to write in my journal its a peaceful 
experience to write and reflect on my day. Sometimes it may make me feel 
happy or feeling that I may need to work on some things. Any way its never 
bad to keep a journal and ponder and think about what God has given us as 
His children.This short video has impacted my life more than any other. I took the 
opportunity to pause for reflection and look for the Lords hand in my life. 
It touched my heart to see how involved and aware my Heavenly Father was of 
me and my needs. My mind was opened beyond what I could ever imagine. I 
would encourage all to pray that they might see the hand of the Lord in 
their life as it truly does change one's perspective and gratitude for what 
you have. i have, and it brought me here. :') This video is so inspiring. I am going to start doing this, and praying 
afterwards to thank God for what he has blessed me with that day. :)@drymormon24 This is a beautiful story! Thank you for sharing it with us! I 
truelly am super uber happy to be a member of this church!2NE 1:15 Wow it's remarkable how these apostles of Jesus Christ are. Their lives 
mirrrored on the life of the master. I sustained the aposltes of the Lord.for those whom have not liked this video...is it guilt that you have not 
allowed yourself to see the blessings ? our Heavenly Father loves and knows 
each of his children. Remember remember....always remember. YOU ARE LOVED.@7BigJoe7 thats goodvery uplifting Can you please put subtitels? :)Some of the best things in my life have come to me as I wrote in my 
journal. It'makes it so easy to contemplate all the good and forget the bad.This video has a truely amazing message.WOW! I love the words of the prophets! President Eyring has a way with 
words, that we can know their truthfulness by listening to his words. He is 
such a kind man, and has been so faithful! What an example. True, I should 
do more pondering and writing in my journal.si alguien ve esto (mi mensaje para que no la pendejeen) mmmmm por q namas 
a los hijos que se van de misioneros y son de varo los manda a otros 
lugares del mundo (la neta) tienen dinero mas no ganas de predicar hay 
otros que son mejores mas humildes (no hablo de mi sino de otros mas) 
mmmm........... I love the Apostles. They are truly instruments in God's hands.@drymormon24 not dry anymore though, eh? I'm happy for you and thanks for 
sharing.The Lord works in the most mysterious of ways. In our times of greatest 
trials, He can send us messages that touch our hearts and spirits and 
remind us of His love for us, and how to see the good in each day. I know 
God lives and loves me! I can see His hand more in my life now that I 
remember to look. How true the statement, "O remember, remember!" When we 
remember, we learn, and can see His hand.I loved this talk the first time I heard it and was grateful to be reminded 
to watch for the Hand of God in my life everyday!I love Henry B. Eyering. He is so intelligent and on top of that, 
spiritual. I admire his spirit.Your earnest message touched my heart. Yes, God's hand has blessed my life 
today. Thank you, God!Thank you for adding the captions to this video! :) It touched my heart. If 
not for the captions, i would miss the message. Thank you again for the 
captionsHe did...and He does so daily!! I often miss it because of my simple mind. 
Although, my spirit is more keen and sees in terms of eternity. So, when 
daily I forget, He teaches me yet in seasons! Even so, in seasons of 
"distress and grief...my soul [does] often [find] relief! Oh! May His Love 
and Endless Wisdom pour down in my behalf, that I may bless the life of 
another, "even as He asketh"!@drymormon24 congratulations! i'm almost 17 and i haven't been baptized 
yet, but i hope too soon!awesome^-^That's great to hear. Congratulations, and happy new year. Thanks for 
sharing that.I tried doing a daily "Lord's Hand" journal when I first heard President 
Eyring suggest this in General Conference, and I definitely saw that simple 
exercise increase my faith. He is truly an Apostle of the Lord. 
Unfortunately, I eventually fell out of practice. But this video has 
reminded me, and I'm going to start again tonight. Thanks Mormon Messages!Many times I have seen the hand of GOD in my life. When I had a newborn 
baby, when I heard Pres. Eyring speak, when there was a miraculous 
happening that saved someone's life. We are blessed by the words of the the 
Lord's spokesmen. Yes, thank you, President Eyring, you have blessed many 
by your inspiring words.Thanks for the message President Eyring.Thankyou President Eyriing - you always say what is needed to be said and 
heard always at the time it is needed.Powerful!!!What I should write in my journal has just become easier. I can't wait for 
October conference to once again hear from and be inspired by our leaders; 
to remember & to do better.We need to Remember Him even more these days.Whether it is something big and life-changing or small and heart-touching, 
it's so important to recognize God's hand in our lives. Amen, President 
Eyring.God saved my life a few days back. I was almost lost to a river current. 
And I am most grateful to be in his church and protection. :DYes!very good question to be asking yourself everyday. bc there surely always 
in somethingmy answer is absolutely Yes"Trying to remember had allowed God to show me what He had done..." 
Profound.I am thankful for this message. He makes a very good point. Much 
appreciated.Wonderful way to count your blessings and not feel so down in the hard 
times in life. Looking back on those things written will benefit self and 
others.I love this video. It made me stop and think.god should always be in our hearts no matter how youre doing he does it for 
a reasonI had forgotten how important a message this is. I am trying to see all 
that I once knew, felt, and saw in my daily walks of my recent past. 
Troubling times make it more challenging to recognize His hand in my life 
although I know that it is there. I will try to look more closely."Have i done any good in the world today..."These messages make my day :)Remembering what God has done for us each and every day, adds so much to 
life. Thank you for this great message.How grateful I am to the Apostles. They always know just what to say to 
help us. Heavenly Father inspires them, guides them and directs them. I 
would listen to this stuff all day long if I could. I have kept my blog 
updated, but I think I will add a section for me to write my feelings about 
how God has touched my life. What a great idea.So grateful. So grateful of all that God has done for me!My favorite part is when he says.. "I never missed a day, no matter how 
tired I was or how early I had to wake up the next day" So inspiring. I'm 
going to do that!This is a great message. I love journal writing and it is very important to 
me. I love the question "Have I seen his hand in my life?" Now that I think 
of that question as I write in my journal, it really makes a difference in 
my perspective.What a great message.I have to write in my journal !As I have reviewed my life on occasion I can see He has always had His hand 
at work therein.There are Prophets and Apostles on earth today. Henry B. Eyring is on of 
these apostles and bears truth of the gospel.Maaan, I need to start doing this.Beautifully done. I remember this talk, and the first thing I did was write 
it in my journal in a spot where Id see it whenever I opened my journal. 
While I admit I haven't done it every single day, whenever I take the time 
to record what God has done, it does not take much effort to come up with 2 
or 3 things, even more if I try harder. Thank you Pres. Eyring for your 
advice. It has helped me along the way and made my record-keeping far more 
significant.Great message. Thanks.it's greatWhat a blessing to know that our Father in heaven, gave us his son Jesus 
Christ, to help us in our lifes to be more like him. we need to remember 
all the blessings in our lifes, and there are so many, for each of us here 
on earth.This talk changed my life, because I do try to see Heavenly Father's hand 
in my life every day. And He is there. Every single day.I want to do better and not miss a day writing and asking the question: 
Have I seen his hand in my life?Awesome message - what a great way to end or start every single dayWow, again and again these videos blow me away, thank you so much! :-DA short yet powerful message that brings tears and tears down my face in 
utter gratefulness, spirit and faith. Without Him in my life, I would walk 
a very lonely road.We are children of God."Remember" - the most important word in the English language.What a fantastic message. I thank Heavenly Father for all the blessings in 
my life.Have I seen his hand in my life? That is probably one of the best questions 
a person can ask themselves. I think if we asked that question every day we 
would all see how much he works in our lives. Henry B Eyring is a true 
apostle and talks like this are proof of this.We do see God's hand in our lives almost every day lately as we're going 
through some rough times. This makes me think I should get a special family 
journal just for recording these little wonders.That's a powerful question to ponder before writing in a journal. I think 
we take the days for granted and tend to pass by a lot of the blessings we 
should see and be grateful for. And this has inspired me to get my journal 
out again.I love hearing this message. It always gives me the strong urge to continue 
writing in my journal and I tend to see God's hand in my life.