thank you for a remeinder of the sacred vows of marriage﻿This is still my favorite talk of all time from Thomas Monson. It makes me 
want to be so much better﻿I love our living prophet today, I am so grateful for his words of 
uplifting and hope, he inspires me to become closer to our Heavenly Father 
and Jesus Christ, I know this church is true, I have felt the Holy Ghost 
many upon many times from then to now , I know the Book of Mormon be true 
as God has revalated to me through alma , ms answered prayers about it, I 
say these things in the name of our saviour Jesus Christ , AMEN.﻿Also the marriages are a lot cheeper if you are LDS and marry in the temple.what a liar. the aaronic priesthood is obsolte read hebrews 8. the other 
belongs only to Christ. The mormon church has robbed God of His priesthood 
that only God can give. Jesus NEVER held the the aaronic priesthood. The 
priesthood is not given to false prophets.thank you for watching, i love him too, he is the prophet of God here on 
earth today to bring the blessings of heavennot Mormon, but I think pres.monson is awesome. been watching a few of his 
sermons...they are very uplifting. :)So meaningful and easy to take in... Indeed this talk has change my mind set about marriage..... I have made the 
decision to marry this in the year 2014...I also love him he is so inspiring and I will follow his teachings. It is 
way to obvious that he is a prophet, who can see otherwise? When you get married by a judge or similar you are only married for this 
life. Usually you hear the words "until death do you part." When a couple 
that is married by priesthood authority (or authority given to that person 
by god) it is not just for the time here on earth but for eternity too. You 
are sealed together forever. A cancellation of a sealing is divorce, but it 
is so much more. When you get sealed you're not just being connected to 
your spouse but to your generations past and future. In our church, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Mormons) 
couples can be sealed for time and all eternity in the holy temples of God, 
but if they want a divorce, its not just a divorce on earth, but also in 
the heavens for eternity, we counsel that almost any marriage can be saved 
against this sad event...i love this man with all my heart. Hearing his voice fills my heart with joyThe man is inspired, that is for sure.@ccjohncc1 Yes, and its spelled sealings, for your future reference@ccjohncc1 In a nutshell, yesThanks to the Mormon faith I have found a new lease of life. I feel so much 
better about myself. I was baptised into the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints last Saturday and I am so happy for it. Yet I feel 
concerned that our Ward Elders and Bishop believe that I'm ready for 
Aaronic Priesthood even though I feel I should have done more to earn it. 
President Monson has cleared so much up for me in this rousing speech. 
Thank you President Monson.I have only recently (Last month) returned to the Mormon Faith after just 
short of 20 years away. In that short time, the lord has helped me quit 
smoking and has reunited me with family members I seldomly saw. Also I now 
feel a renewed sense of hope in my life. It feels like President Monson was 
offering advice to me directly because I saw so much of myself in what he 
was saying. MormonMessages Thank you for sharing :)Very inspiring and uplifting, I love listening to President Thomas S. 
Monson, he holds so much wisdom and his voice is also soothing. He has a 
wonderful sense of humor also!Wow. What a personable speaker. I can really feel his lovePresident Thomas S. Monson - Priesthood Power This was my favorite talk in 
the April 2011 general conference! I like this part: "Choose a companion 
carefully and prayerfully and when you are married, be fiercely loyal to 
each other. Choose your love; love your choice." I think President Monson's 
advice on marriage is timeless and profound. This inspired me to be a 
better priesthood holder and treat women with more respect and caring. great video! 5:38 you can feel his hatred towards the evils of pornography by the way 
that his face looks and the tone of his voice when he says this. We would like to see men live up to their potential and lead where ever 
they may be.I have heard more than one person say that they felt the same way! I know 
that this man is for sure a prophet of God, and I love this message. I will 
follow this counsel.When i was listening to this talk , i had a feeling that i was listening to 
moses, abraham and other great prophets , I know President thomas s monson 
is the Lords prophet here on earth, I know these words are mind and will of 
our heavenly father.AmenI love him How can some one dislike this talk? really! Great talk by a prophet of God, 
it is a calling to repentance made in a loving way. It's awesome to hear the Prophet's voice!!!It's awesome to hear the Prophet1s voice!!!What great advice. I know that President Monsen is a Prophet of God. He 
always encourages me to be the very best I can.15:49-16:03I was there for this talk. I loved it :) He's a great guy and funnyawesome and so spiritually enlightening Wonderful talk on Marriage! Wise and Wonderful Words.i have been baptised into the church on the 3rd of April and my birthday 
was 3 days later thats on the 6th same day this was posted..im blessed This has to be one of my favorite talks from the priesthood session! In a 
way every time I hear it, it comforts me on the path I'm on and reminds me 
how I should live my life as a priesthood holder!It's always amazing to hear from a prophet of God!