What a joyous reunion he must have had with his sweet wife in heaven!﻿I just love these beautiful tributes to these amazing men! God bless their 
families and I am so thankful for their wonderful examples of tenderness 
and love for others. I am so thankful to be a. member of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.﻿Ele amava o povo brasileiro. Fico emocionado com tamanha perda. Elder 
Scott, sem dúvida, foi um homem importante para o desenvolvimento da Igreja 
em nossa terra.﻿We missed you, Elder Richard G. Scott of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. 
We love U...u...u...u....!!!﻿Apostle Scott, say hi to our Heavenly Father and our Heavenly Mother for 
me, they requested for me to be there with them in the Celestial Kingdom 
with my beloved WIFE and all my children and grandchildren.﻿j'ai l'aimé vraiment cet homme.﻿Tive a honra de conhece lo em minha missão em 2000, e sentir ao comprimenta 
lo o amor do Salvador por meio de Seus servos.﻿Gracias al hmo. Scott por su amor y servicio al escuchar sus palabras 
inspiradas en cada comferencia, vivira siempre en nuestros corazones. 
dedyserrano ixmi hgo mex﻿i know in the spirit world you're preaching the gospel we'll see you again﻿it was muy favorito apostle good be with forever﻿Eleder Scott will be missed dearly I loved listening to his sweet voice 
R.i.p brother Scott you will be missed you made such an inspiration for me 
happy your with your wife again in closing rest in peace you will be missed 
thanks for the legacy you left us with 😓﻿RIP Elder Scott﻿Jesu, The Very Thought Is Sweet can be found on the Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir's album Consider The Lilies of the Field, song 
11﻿"well done good and faithful servant go and receive your rest" RIP Elder 
Scott﻿Arohanui Elder Scott﻿RIP Elder Scott﻿Now Elder Richard G. Scott will take his place in the Divine army in the 
heavens, to take part in the preparations for the very final battle that 
soon is to take place. The Lord has bigger need for him there now, where 
Elder Scott will be in his strongest and sharpest state of readiness. 
Blessed be you and your family, Elder Scott. Thank You for all Your good 
examples.﻿He was the first apostle I have seen and heard in my life. I was 17 years 
old and he touch my heart with his powerful testimony of Jesus Christ.﻿So sad for us mortals to lose him but so happy for that beautiful couple to 
be reunited on the other side.﻿What is that song at 40 minutes? Anyone?﻿R.I.P Richard G. Scott you make me want to be a better man﻿R.I.P👼﻿That must have been hard for him to be without a wife for so long. Glad 
he's in a much better place now.﻿RIP: Elder Richard G. Scott. I wish Elder Scott's family and friends peace 
and comfort, you are all in my prayers. Proud to be a member of The Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. RIP: Elder Scott. 😢﻿:'0﻿Hi!﻿