He reminds me of Napoleon Dynamite.﻿the guy is Marty Mcfly's older brother from back to the future.﻿Charming movie, but I love the music during the ending credits! I find 
myself watching that part over and over again.﻿Love this one!!!﻿not bad and very educational ,-)﻿"Take it easy boys..." - best line in the movie!﻿Why is this film good?﻿Where is part 2? HahaOne way or another is fineWow! And, I Thought The Mailbox Was The Classic Of All Mormon Classics! So funny.Love it! :)this was way cute! This is a fact. Too bad i forgot to ask Hess this when i met him a few 
years ago."I feel like your friendly neighborhood zero." Haha, this video is awesome.I so remembering when I was a kid and we watched these old films.Marc McClure played press photorapher Jimmy Olson in the Superman Films and 
Marty McFly' older brother in Back To The Future!I believe this was the original inspiration behind Napoleon dynamite. Jared 
Hess and John Heder are both LDS and would have seen this movie a few times 
I'm sure. Napoleon Dynamite was still brilliant.This movie is Great!!! Another I really like is called "The Award," is it 
posted anywhere?"takes all kinds" love that response 5:15Great acting, Scott, very impressive!Classic! I remember showing this to English Classes on my mission in 
Ukraine. Napoleon Dynamite hair. I think this is where the inspiration came from. Yep. It was closed, so we had the parking lot to ourselves. Her first 
response (before "yes") was "You're proposing at Ripples?!" I dont get the ending!? Is he talking about becky? LOLWhen someone that age says, "I need money." And then is asked what they 
need the money for, you can tell what day an age they live in by their 
responce. If the responce is, "An Xbox", "A cell phone", "An iPod", or any 
other modern electronic device, the movie wasn't made before I was born. XDreally?26,000 grahms? He is a light weight. 57 lbs! I grew up watching this and 
other classic church videos. This is the best!So glad I didn't live through the 70's...all the styles are horribe.I sound bigger in grams...I remember seeing this movie when I was in high school. I had a crush on 
Scott. I wonder if that's why, 20 years later, when my second son was born, 
I named him Scott :DIt is interesting how both Scott and Becky are lacking in confidence at the 
start. They help each other to be more confident. That's what good friends 
do.I uploaded this movie in 3 parts a long time ago. I'm so happy that the 
church finally did!This guy went on to 'star' in Back to the Future and Superman. And I'm 
pretty sure this helped inspire Napoleon Dynamite. Classic piece of 
cinematic history right here.Yeah, I got confidence, and everything to treat a women like she deserves, 
but... Im going to the mision and my bishop said to me that don´t leave 
some girl waiting for me, maybe in two years I´ll could get a beautiful 
girl to share beautiful thigs.This and The Pump are my top two favorite older church films!"How are the oranges in California?" Best. Pickup Line. Ever.Oh my. It's Napoleon.Made my day to see this uploaded. Is Johnny Lingo next? Oh wait! I see even 
Johnny Lingo here! Amazing! 12:43 - No ZIP code? The zip codes were introduced in the 1960s. But all in 
all, what a great motivational film!Made my day to see this uploaded. Is Johnny Lingo next? Thumbs up if you watched this in SEMINARYIt needs a sequel! How about "That Which Was Lost" next??? This movie gave me the confidence to propose to my wife. At Ripples.Best movie EVER!!!