This was what I needed to hear.﻿thank you for your comments i cant find your story , but i believeI love that God reveals Himself to us. And I appreciate that He does it in 
simple ways, but that are so personally meaningful. At least, that's what 
I've experienced. It's life changing to know you're loved by the Great 
Creator; the God of the Universe.Great video.......I'm not a Mormon but.....does it matter? Not to me. I was 
certainly waiting for a sign but you are right move on and believe it is 
there. (I read about Damascus today in the New York Post article by Reza 
Aslan and wanted to now more about it). LOVE, RESPECT and APPRECIATIONThank the Lord for good Christians like you who can accept and see goodness 
in other faiths as well as your own. The Catholic church is lucky to have 
you. I believe strongly that all good things, in our church and yours, come 
from the Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you!hi, I would like to read your story..could you give me the direct link pls?Damascus is in Syria, north-east of Israel. you can search it in google 
maps. :)there is happiness in my life. happiness that is unlike any other joy I 
feel. it lasts longer than any holiday, and any piece of chocolate. it 
doesn't come from working, or shopping, or even spending time with friends. 
those things are good, but they don't compare to the everlasting joy that I 
feel when I am near to my Heavenly Father. and I would have never 
understood it if I didn't do all I could gain my own confirmation of the 
truth. this video definitely reflects how I feel about the gospel.I used to be a good, dedicated Catholic like I sense you are. One day after 
elevating a sincere prayer I felt the assurance that the LDS Church was 
true and so I became LDS, not out of repudiation of the Catholic faith but 
following that spiritual confirmation. I love the Catholic Church as it 
gave me the foundation to find the restored Gospel of Jesus Christ. I 
invite you to pray also and be ready to receive that sweet assurance that 
can only come from God and follow it.I'm grateful I found the Church... I should say, I was found. I remember this message by President Uchtdorf, from General Conference, 
2011. For me it was the highlight of the conference, and really the moment 
where i decided that LDS were not a bunch of lunatic cooks, but God truly 
was working through this church. Similarly, i had been reading the Book of 
Mormon, and was so surprised when, instead of replacing the Bible, or 
contradicting it, it actually complimented it perfectly, reinforcing its 
Truth.I agree with you on both points. The LDS church has an excellent approach 
to proclaiming their message.does anyone even know where damascus is -_-Let wisdom lead you to truth. There are absolute truths; let the Spirit of 
God guide you in your search for them.@321boileranimal A nice statement....I was Catholic, now I am LDS. Its nice 
to be part of the frame, its even better to be in the picture. @321boileranimal You can learn about the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day-Saints and gain your own Testimony! My mother and Grandparents 
were all Catholic before they were baptized into the LDS church.That guy has the most amazing voice. Like Morgan Freeman status.I am sharing this message with my husband in hopes that he can learn to ask 
the questions like the man in the video. I know in my heart that the gospel 
is true and want more than anything for him to see the truth Heavenly 
Father has put before us. <3 Saul didn't just imprison Christians. He also killed them.Unser Bruder Uchtdorf, Wir lieben Dich.it's a very simple principle. Once you know God lives and that He knows who 
you are, it's up to you to follow Him.@321boileranimal sounds like someone needs to talk to the Missionaries!I want to go live deep in the mountains to pray like enos did where noone 
or no thing is around so i can pray to god and deeply repent :-( :-)@321boileranimal you can always be LDS friend.Another lovely talk, Im so glad for these messages, they are always so 
inspirational and uplifting.Great Message! Thanks!DUDE THANK GOD FOR MORMONS!!Yet another great, moving talk by President Uchtdorf (who has such a lovely 
accent and gives such engaging and wonderful talks)! These small YouTube 
videos illustrating famous parts from well-known talks are very 
inspirational. Thanks!I love this talk. When I watched this video, it made me think of what other 
aspects of my life I might be "waiting on the road to Damascus"This is really a legendary talk - so applicable to all of us. The 'message' 
beautifully highlights the thoughts and testimony of this wonderful 
disciple of Christ. My heart also burns watching and thinking about it. 
Another outstanding presentation - thank you Mormon Messages.So awesomemy heart still burns within me as i hear the Savior in the scripturesAnother great inspirational message from President Uchtdorf.This was a GREAT talk, I am glad a video was made from it. Great Video.Such amazing work. Thank you so much. I'm proud to be part of such a 
beautiful thing such as The Church Of Jesus Christ Of Latter Day Saints.