We . . . reflect like mirrors the glory of Jehovah.—2 Cor. 3:18.

In one way or another, all of us resemble our parents. Therefore, it is not 
surprising to hear someone say to a boy, ‘You are just like your father.’ A 
girl may be told, ‘You remind me of your mother.’ And children often 
imitate what they see in their parents. But what about us? Can we imitate 
our heavenly Father, Jehovah? Although we have not seen him, we can 
perceive his precious qualities by studying his Word, by observing his 
creation, and by meditating on the Scriptures and especially on the words 
and deeds of God’s Son, Jesus Christ. (John 1:18; Rom. 1:20) In practicing 
godly devotion, we should display the qualities of the One who made us. 
Anointed ones and their earthly companions reflect Jehovah’s glory in their 
life and ministry. (2 Cor. 4:1) Are you reflecting Jehovah’s glory by your 
godly conduct and by your activity as a regular Kingdom proclaimer? ﻿To complex to be created by chance ﻿Does anybody know what talk or article this comes from?﻿LegoSwordVideos because we have been on this earth for thousands and 
thousands if years and have adapted to our lifestyles. Like the appendix 
was made for when we ate primarily vegetation but over the years we changed 
our diet. It's not like we cannot adapt and changeI thought this was going to be about pizza, based on the title. As someone who has a bit of a broken body, it made me realize that I can 
still see, hear, talk, touch, experience, laugh, cry....It was a nice 
reminder to stop looking at what didn't work and thank God for the things 
that do.I have some physical disabilities, and I sometimes get too wrapped up with 
what my body can't do to appreciate what my body can do. Thank you for the 
sweet reminder! "Though we may feel we are 'like a broken vessel,' as the 
Psalmist says, we must remember, that vessel is in the hands of the divine 
potter." -Elder Jeffery R. HollandI believe that humans are but one of many billions of races throughout the 
universe created by God as taught by the New Message from God, a new 
revelation for humanity. But indeed, Creation is amazing! We have so much 
to live in gratitude for. Nasi Novare Coram. The Presence of the Teachers 
of God is with us.Can someone tell me where the music came from for this, if I can find it 
anywhere? It's beautifulWoa I can't understand something; lets just say god did it so we don't have 
to read books and progress human understanding. Things were so much easier 
when the earth was flat and 6 thousand years old....If god made us why do we have vestigial traits then? I sat in an optometrists office, and looked at a diagram on the wall. I had 
about 15 minutes before the good doctor came in. 15 minutes of constant 
reading, and I still wasn't halfway through the list of working parts of 
the eye. I asked the Doc when she came in, a non believer, how this was a 
possible evolution. She smiled and said, that it was simply not possible 
that the eye evolved.I am a mormon, and I have been studying the human body as part of my 
pharmaceutical studies, and before i even came across this video, my 
testimony was strengthened as i realised that there is certainly no way 
that our wonderful bodies happened by chance. The workings of our bodies 
are complex and so magnificent that we ourselves are testaments to there 
being a supreme creator, السلام عليكمMark, I don't think it is rude at all. Even though not everything works the 
same as most people, it doesn't make them any less important or any less of 
a miracle.This video makes me so happy. I've spent the past few years dedicating my 
life to researching science (micro and neurobiology), I never understood 
people who denied science on the basis of their religion. I wasn't raised 
religious, I found these videos through Shay Carl, I believe in being a 
good person and the LDS church is the first religious group that I've 
identified as having similar ideals. Family, kindness. Sadly, not a lot of 
churches live by their gospel.Our bodies are amazing works of art, fashioned by a Master who loves and 
watches over His creations.Thats very interesting. If you gave a computer a conscious, it wouldn't be 
a living human being so it wouldn't have a spirt. Are bodys are gifts from 
god. are spirts were there in heaven before life and will exist eternally. 
you cannot just create them. unless he understood the science and math of it to the very atom - and had 
the omnipotent power and understanding to do so. Thank you!I'm studying ways of transferring consciousness to computers. If 
successful, what happens to the spirit? Just a question. I know it sounds 
like science fiction bit hear me out. Maybe religious people think it's 
impossible?On the surface my 2-year-old son's ear tubes may seem like an invention of 
man. However, I know it is a modern day miracle that a doctor can 
surgically place a tube to prevent inevitable, permanent hearing loss. This 
modern-day healing miracle is the divine power of his body influencing his 
entire life.That has no evidence behind it God must have created us. Our bodies are nothing short of a miracle!Beautiful. Instead of leaving a negative post, why not find common ground? Surely 
everyone can agree that the body and it's capabilities are amazing. BEAUTIFUL! The cover photo for this video showing the two girls lying on their backs 
reminds me of an old, not well recognized children's picture book by 
William Steig entitled, "Yellow & Pink" which has a very similar message 
about our creation. Wonderful story.I love this video thanks for making it. It really does make you feel 
grateful for a healthy body and a healthy spirit! I learned to appreciate my body after my conversion the LDS Church and 
teach my grandchildren the same appreciation as we have conversations.I'm so amazed at the human body! We have a little boy and I can't stop 
thinking what a miracle life is. We are so blessed!Obviously, the sophomoric level of understanding evolution and science here 
ought to be most embarrassing. NOTHING in nature "just happens." ONLY 
modifications are accidental. Natural Selection is anything but 
"accidental." I know it's terrifying for religious folk to actually read 
biologists, but Richard Dawkins, "The Blind Watchmaker" and "Unweaving the 
Rainbow" and "The God Delusion" are really *excellent* at explaining the 
reality of HOW evolution works. What if I do not take either story literally? Could it be that we were 
transplanted here from somewhere else?This is a wonderful talk by a physician who knows all of the intricies of 
the body. Our body is indeed a temple made to house our Spirits and we must 
take good care of it.What a beautiful beautiful message. I just love Elder Russell M. Nelson. If 
you'd like to read the entire talk (this video only has excerpts from the 
talk he gave at General Conference in April of 2012) then go to the LDS 
website. It's under General Conference April 2012. I'd post a link, but 
Youtube does not allow URLs to be posted in comments. The body is one of the many miracles that could only come from a loving 
Heavenly Father!I really enjoyed the simplicity of the message and the visuals that helped 
enhance it. It made a much deeper impact than just the audio made when I 
first listened to it.how did science create me? Evolution doesn't answer so many of life's important questions. Why is 
there good and evil on the planet if we simply just came from single celled 
organisms? Why is there love? There is so much more to life than what 
science tries to explain or explain away. There is a God. We have a divine 
purpose on Earth. We are here to show him we will choose him and his ways. 
There is right from wrong. If there was no God than life and love would be 
a meaningless and finite journey.Shay sent me hereLooking for answers? Read the book of Mormon and ask Heavenly Father if 
it's true.. The answers followIt didn't just happen, it took millions of years. If you can't believe 
things 'just happened' then you can't believe God just got some clay and 
breathed life into it instantaneously creating man. I feel the exact same way. :)So lovely. :D The miracle of the human body is mind-blowing. Two words. Divine designnobody knows there isn't. nothing simple about it. It's taken humanity generations to figure out what 
makes us what we are. But who's to say some divine power with all that 
knowledge and more didn't do this.How does it disprove anything?I'm genuinely interested in why you believe that nobody knows if there is a 
god. You are implying that it is impossible to be known, and I would very 
much like to understand your rationale.God truly is great. His majesty abounds and the power of His creation is 
made manifest to us in our daily lives. It is a pleasure to be joined by 
our Muslim brethren in celebrating God and His infinite goodness.All this can be explain with evolution :)Mormon or not, it is truth and you are special!WowBeautiful!!!You should look into it. I had been inactive in the gospel for over 12 
years, and have come back realizing the greatest blessings in life are 
received through it. This is beautiful!Everything around us proves there is a Great Designer of heaven and earth 
and the universe. Millions of years of adapting created us. Our DNA matches a chimp 98%. 
Explain that.Dawson brother... If god didn't exist u wouldn't be here..! To say nobody 
knows tell me ur a man that lives in spiritual darkness.. Close mind.. 
Close heart.. I give u a challenge my friend read the book of Mormon.. 
Before u do read moroni chapter 10.. Vs 5 and 6.... and u ask god if he's 
real or not..!!! god bless..A lot of people say that God defies modern science, but there's no reason 
that God couldn't have simply set evolution in motion. If he's existed for 
all eternity, perhaps it felt like only seven days to him. You never know.Please tell us how exactly evolution explains creation?and we didnt evolve from monkeys. my biological anthropology class taught 
me that. do you understand evolution? God created science. and dead people know if there is a God. wonder what 
you will find out?This just made my dayI'm not a Mormon why I watch thisPeople don't get the idea of evolution, we were not createdtoo complex to be simply created also.Or... maybe science did, just saying. I don't care if you choose to believe 
in god, but nobody knows if there really is a god. Nobody.How does that prove anything? I know that god exist, and he is the greatest, ne and only, muslim and proudSo true.This makes me very grateful for my body.I love this video and Elder Nelson.human beings are just too complex to be categorized as something that " 
just happened " . someone created us,