Is there a video like this on alcohol addiction?﻿I'm an addict- and a Mormon-thank you!﻿These videos are remarkably well done. I like this one in particular.﻿after watching all 12 of these videos, I'm in awe of 1) how easily and 
small it starts yet becomes larger than life, and 2) how much humility it 
takes to get to the point in recovery where you're in a position to come 
out on the other side able to share your story to save the lives of others. 
Thank you John (and your family) for showing this hope to others.﻿John, far and away, your story hit me hardest (well, aside from Step 6). So 
much about your story mirrors mine. When people ask me about the series and 
want to talk about my behavior, I tell them to watch Step 6, then watch 
Step 9. They did such a great job highlighting the chaos we tried to manage 
with families, callings, and the disease. When I look back on that time 
it's literally like I'm recalling a book I read or a movie I saw, because 
it's so foreign to the man I am today. I didn't have nearly the wreckage to 
clean up with my relationships, but if it wasn't for that last ditch effort 
by my wife and bishop to get me help, all would have been lost. So grateful 
for your story, your experiences, your recovery, and your courage to share. 
Not an easy decision. I know.﻿Such a beautiful and touching video!﻿This one hit me the hardest. Making restitution is not easy but I can't 
even imagine what you had to go through. There are so many great people in 
this story who did amazing HARD things. It proves that God cares about 
every single one of us! Thanks for sharing your story.﻿astounding and courageous. thank you.﻿Thank you, John - for your courage, honesty and strength to show others 
what really matters and how to attain that.....the love and association of 
your family and children. Your story will help so many.﻿The courage of this man to record this video impresses me so much. The 
others from this video series too. The more I understand what addiction is 
and what people have to go through I can see how Heavenly Father will 
always have a better plan of happiness for everyone. This world is full of 
paths that lead to a horrible life with no meaning. But it is great to know 
that God loves every one and CAN make each one of us better, even perfect 
one day if we LET Him in our lives.﻿Wow! :) Awesome!﻿