We really loved this video.  What a critical teaching of our Savior ... 
that we "cast in" all that we have for His work.﻿This is a misleading of what Christ was teaching his disciples. It has been 
taken out of context. In CONTEXT Jesus was teaching about currupt religious 
leaders who take advantage of poor widows.Notice Jesus never commends the 
widow for giving her all. He just states a fact. Does the scripture say how 
the widow felt about giving her last. If not, how do we know it was 
sacrificial, doesn't our motivation play a part in our giving of offerings. 
Please understand folks im not AGAINST sacrificial giving I believe the 
holy spirit DOES lead us to give that way sometimes but we have to be 
honest with the scriptures. Do we really believe that its just a 
coincidence that Jesus in Luke chapter 20:47 is talking about how religious 
leaders devour poor widows houses then just one verse later notices how a 
poor widow is giving her ALL. The widow was in a place where she was 
suppose to receive. Jesus was showing his disciples the unfairness and 
deception of those leaders. These leaders manipulated the poor for money by 
man made rules for more money like Corban. In verse 8 remember Jesus told 
them dont be deceived. Pastors in the I.C. do the same with the scam of 
tithing. They quote the widows mite and tell you to give until it hurts. 
Who in the hell can be cheerful when something hurts. ﻿Yes! Its from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints@TheScatterBlaster This is a video series being created by The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as a gift to the world. Several have been 
completed and many more are coming-out each month. Does not the Spirit of 
God bear witness of the Savior through these videos?what an inspiring video, so short but so meaningfulit's interesting what lessons Christ taught in small moments of observance 
of the world around them.amen and amen! Listen to the words of the CHRIST, the HOLY LAMB of GOD!@d1n13100 Jesus the son of God!Does anyone know what movie this is from these are the best actors i have 
seen so far and they keep it King James all the waylovely Jesus the prophet and messenger!I love you Lord Jesus Christ! You are the light in my voyage, and I will go 
to you creating a path to be followed by my fellow travelers. With your 
words I already been revived.