What a beautiful message of Forgiveness! When we truly and sincerely 
forgive others we have that mighty change of heart. What a blessing that 
truly is. This man did have that mighty change of heart. God can help us 
get through anything we're going through in our lives. This is a perfect 
example of that. Thank you Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ for your 
compassion and devotion on our part. Thank you!﻿"I, the Lord, will forgive whom I will forgive, but of you it is required 
to forgive all men."
-Doctrine and Covenants 64:10﻿There was a feature length film made of this wonderful man's life. I 
challenge you to check out "Just Let Go"﻿So sad﻿What a powerful message and wonderful example to us all. May we learn to 
forgive others that have wronged us and show love towards them. A huge 
attribute that Chris learned was charity which is the pure love of Christ. 
Instead of hating the boy and being miserable, he learned to learned to 
love him and because of that he forgave him. What a powerful story﻿Ahhhhh the tears!!!﻿His story is going to be a movie!﻿I love the gospel and the saviour, his testimony of forgivness is so 
powerful and loving. The power of the Lord is real. I love the mormon 
chanel and proud to be a mormon.﻿TO EVERYONE PLEASE FORGIVE ANYONE THAT HAS DONE SOMETHING BAD. YOU WILL BE 
BLESSED﻿WOW what a testimony!!!!amazing how GOD WORKS!! I just can't help myself 
not to cry every time i watch it..a TRUE MORMON INDEED:)..﻿I remember hearing him speak at a fireside in alpine utah. It had such an 
impact on me spiritually. Thank you for sharing this video. It allowed me 
to hear his story once more.﻿What a brave man and what an inspirational message-this made me sob so 
hard. 
I believe in God and I felt my faith was strong but it isn't as strong as I 
thought it was when I was hurt...God loves all His children. Xo﻿I love how brave he does to forgive, he has this Christ like attribute. It 
made me cry﻿<3﻿What a beautiful testimony.......thank you Chris for being a living example 
of what it means to be a vessel for our Lord Jesus Christ.﻿Truly know a man of grief :')﻿One of my favorite inspirational Mormon messages. Just let it go. 
Forgiveness heals.﻿God is close to the broken hearted, and those crushed in spirit.  He Loves 
us all more than words can say.﻿THX﻿I just came home from driver's ed, and there was this story for drunk 
driving, but they didn't really focus on Cameron.  They in fact cast him in 
a negative light, which I know wasn't Chris's intention, but he's not 
really apart of that crisis, though he made sure some things came in that 
he wasn't angry at Cameron.  What I think those people were missing out on 
is the fact that Cameron will live with this for his life, but that Chris 
forgave him, and how much that helped him, is the biggest thing of this 
story.  Now I'm sure Cameron will probably never drink again, and be a 
safer driver because of it, and it makes me the same because love is so 
much more powerful and fear.﻿Really good book. Glad I took the time to read it. Also loved the messages 
about forgiveness & serving others. It's helped me out a lot. Totally 
recommend. ﻿It's a story to lead to forgiveness﻿Amazing!! an incredible human being, maybe more than most can hope to 
become﻿nice﻿This channel deserves more subscribers ﻿This is a beautiful video in general but the part that really spoke to me 
is when Chris told the young man to "pick a date" and then forget about it, 
let it go, and move on. I think there is something to this when you "pick a 
date" to move on. You no longer keep yourself bound in those feelings, 
letting them continue on in your life "forever." That was very wise advice 
and something I think a lot of us could use. So, "pick a date" and then let 
it go whatever it is that is keeping you bound up. ﻿My seminary teacher played this video for us. It really shows us we need to 
forgive even in the worst of times. ﻿So strong. So resilient.﻿I will endeavor help the reader understand why this attribute of her 
forgiveness is required for the Celestial Kingdom. To carry a grudge hard 
feelings or resentment will be disruptive to the kingdom everybody must 
forgive everybody else wholeheartedly of their trespasses on earth. As the 
Celestial Kingdom is a place of Absolut pure love. This is why is required 
forgive anyone and everyone for trespassing against you.﻿This is so sad! I will have him in my prayers.hey Rick just out of curiosity from reading your comment above, how did 
your visit with the missionaries turn out?Amazing video. Thanks to everyone that worked on it from the writers and 
directors to the stage hands. So powerful. And thanks most of all to Chris 
for teaching us about love, forgiveness, and Jesus ChristGod bless this man. Truly inspirational, truthfully, I would find it extremely hard to forgive. 
But this is strengthening.Made me cry.I just finished the book "Let it Go" ... I decided to watch this video 
because Chris Williams speaks about it in his book... I really am left 
speechless through this past week and my experience from reading the 
Williams/White story. This video just tops off my experience.... It's an 
unbelievable example for us all....and has changed my life for good. All I 
can say is thank-you...As Chris Williams was told @ 16 when he too hit and killed a 5 year old, 
and then he had the opportunity to tell Cameron Smith on the witness 
stand...."Honor the memory of those who died by making something of your 
life..." Powerful words.... Thank you Chris Williams When we have been forgiven much, we will love muchjust because you don't believe in something , does not mean its not true. 
if ever a tear dropped from your eye you are forgiven. This is an amazing story!!! I know that I would be extremely distraught if 
something like this happened to me in my life, I would be devastated. I 
think from this that even though we can lose a lot in our lives, Christ can 
make things whole. Bad things that happen to us really can't be explained 
but we can move on and become better people.more then a great. No one is saying that.. Just showing an example of how forgiveness can 
change lives. Don't make this into a negative thing please.Chris, What a wonderful man you are, and what a wonderful young man you 
raised..... Your son Elder Williams who is serving in the Raleigh NC 
mission, was one of mine and my husbands witnesses at our wedding he signed 
our marriage license and confirmed the Holy Ghost for my husband. He will 
FOREVER be apart of our family. What a great example you were for him in 
that tragic time. I just wanted to tell you thank you and I love you!Very touching. I have to learn,No I want to know or learn how to forgive! 
Thank you sister Knowlton, for sending me to this page. Joewhat an amazing example of an eternal perspective. thank you for sharing 
your story chris. he had all black on no reflectors on the bike and I never saw him coming. 
before I knew it he was dead. my Bishop asked me to watch this video but it 
still bothers me to the depths of my soul. how can I ever be forgiven for 
something like that. and I am still angry at my heavenly father for letting 
me go through this. where was I in the wrong? I wasn't speeding I wasn't 
intoxicated and yet im here left to pick up the pieces of my shattered life 
even after 7 years my story is a different one. no I wasn't drunk or intoxicated in any way, 
but I still took a life driving I was on my way to a friends birthday party 
when a bicyclist rode in front of me as he was getting away from robbing a 
gas station.Thanks Chris for reminding us, through your example, that God is love. 
Bless you as you continue to cope with the lonely times, and thanks for 
lifting us all. To Fogive someone like this you do not need to be a mormon but surely it is 
great example. There are many people out there who have practised 
forgiveness. Utah mormons please do not think you walk all on water there 
are many great people.I must say that I have had the same experience in regards to forgiveness. I 
had tried to forgive the perpetrators in my past for many years but without 
success. Every time I prayed The Lord's Prayer, the knowlege that I was 
failing as a child of God, to forgive those who had hurt me so badly. It 
stood between me and a deeper relationship to Heavenly Father. Eventually, 
much to my surprise, I was baptised, and much to my astonishment within 
about two weeks, I realized that God had healed me.Chris, this program was shared with us at our Priesthood meeting this 
morning. Thanks for being such a blessing by sharing your story with us. 
May you and your sons, and the rest of your family be blessed in eternity.You know, I am not Mormon. I am Catholic. These Mormon messages are truly 
inspiring. My life is changing and I can feel it. The missionaries are 
coming next week, and I pray that this really is the true church. Thank you 
for these, and please keep making more.love@MMALesnar God is real. He loves you and knows you. He has a plan for you. 
Just pray to know for yourself. Read the scriptures! He's waiting for you 
to come to him. He can't open the door, he can only knock(:Chris - so touched by your willingness to be a true disciple of Jesus 
Christ and an example of a believer in the most difficult of times.... It 
has helped me and encouraged me in my challenges. Thank you and may you be 
blessed and comforted. May your burdens feel light. (posting under my son's 
moniker)Righteousness " you are what you truth you feelMy oldest son's father passed away one month ago... this video is 
beautiful. My faith in my Heavenly Father has been knocked to the ground. 
but as time passes and I ask for peace, it comes. I am so thankful for the 
knowledge of Eternal lifeThat guy is in my wardI watched this video in my youth class today :)ooww now i have a soar throat from trying to stifle my sobs. this is so 
good, so glad i watched it. perspective.I am a construction worker. I am 45, and this brought tears to my eyes. 
Thank you, you are a better man then me. God bless you. This is so sad. Chris I am so sorry for your losses. Nothing can replace 
your Family, however, you have managed to FORGIVE this young man. You are 
truly an inspiration to all. I find that each time I watch this video I not 
only cry because of your loss, but, because your heart is so big, and so 
humble that you were able to Forgive. I find it easier now. It also does 
lighten my burden to turn all that anger into "Letting it go." The 
Atonement is so incredible. Thank you for this.This is amazingly inspiring. Thanks for putting this out there. :)Wooow so true and much thanks for sharing !!!!Yesterday was the 6th year anniversary of their passing. Thank God for His 
plan of salvation. Otherwise this would be an unspeakable tragedy. Anytime I have shared ths message with another friend...it's also to share 
the thought that if w choose to forgive those who rob us most from joy or 
happiness in anyway, if we choose to forgive them.....they are powerless, 
because if we forgive with the healing love of Christ we are free to live 
past it all and continue to grow without regret.180 dislikes???? How can anyone dislike this beautiful video!!!! Such an 
amazing story. An inspiration for all of us!A much better Latter Day Saint than I'll ever be. God Bless. In the name of 
Jesus Christ. AmenI wish god was real :( sounds like such a nice storySame This was the most saddest time of my life losing my cousins in the car 
crash and my ant I miss them sooo much i will rember Anna and bens laugh 
and the joy they brang into my life love you Uncle Chris beautiul. inspiringEvery time I watch this video it just makes me cry. Doesn't matter where we 
are at in our lives we all need a reminder on the importance of forgiveness 
of those that offend us. I shared this with my children and we were all so 
impressed that this man could forgive and with the help of the atonement 
completely let the anger and hate go. What a example This is a Mormon propaganda video. Stupid Christians are being duped, 
Mormonism is a cult!I'm reading his book now "Let It Go", it's provided answers to my own 
prayers. Chris...at this moment I am sitting here in total silence of heart knowing 
I don't have adequate words. I so much want to convey how it feels to 
listen to you recount this story - but at this moment the only word that 
comes to my mind is, 'love...'the pure love of Christ. You said in any 
number of ways that you were merely a vessel for the Savior's intention. I 
am moved to a better understanding of how much love our Savior has for each 
of us. Thank you...brother.I've never seen anthing better than this! Im afraid to go to hell, and im also afraid to believe in God for the wrong 
reasons. Im so afraid and confused. I always feel that someone is 
watching/listening on me when i pray or do something good/bad......does 
that mean i believe? And i also becomes a little agnostic at times when it 
comes to big bang and stuff like that. Im so afraid that these stuffs are 
increasing my chances of being dumped and sent to hell. Im a (confused) 
christian that also sin, is this normal?"He wants me to let go of what had happened..." We should all be like this 
forgiving man. He's a true example of Christianity, and of Christ's healing 
power.SORRY THAT IT SHUT DOWN ON ME.....What a great message. I remember when this tragedy happened. It's 
comforting to see how everyone involved has been able to find joy in life. 
I'm sure there are hard times and bad days but you are all great people for 
moving forward in the right way. If only everyone was capable and had the 
knowledge of our Savior's plan and promises to us.Thanks for being such an awesome example. Soo many tears right now. I highly suggest reading the book that Chris wrote about this. It is soooo 
good. I highly recommend it. He provides way more insight to what happened. 
Again it's a tear jerker, just like this. Truly forgiveness is one of the hardest principles to follow. We never 
understand what it means to have mercy and forgive until we are so 
desperately in need of forgiveness ourselves. If we ask Heavenly Father to 
work in us and change us, then being able to have compassion, understanding 
and freely forgive can become a way of life. Thank you for sharing! To God be the glory. My God bless and keep you and 
your familyBeautiful video. Beautiful video. Beautiful video.I just finished your book, Br. Williams. My son made a bad choice driving 
last year that caused a death and lifetime injuries. The pain that so many 
have had to endure, and the hate that has been slung in our direction has 
been hard to bear, but never as hard to bear as what the mother and family 
of the one that died has gone through. Your story, and your example of 
living as the Savior would have you live has given me new energy to keep 
pressing forward and see this through. ........ Jesus this Jesus that... Accidents happens! I'm terribly sorry for 
everyones loss, that I am, but to bring in a "book-guy" into the story? The 
story would work as great for me as if they brought in Transformers instead 
of Jesus. It's all about understanding, not about Jesus. Wake up people! 
Love each other and live long without Jesus in your hearts! Learn to love 
the ones that exists. Tragic story, yes it was, but beautiful.who could dislike this I heard this live at a fireside. It was so amazing!I was just in awe thinking about how Chris' actions probably saved 
Cameron's life.