Nothing more annoying than the person who ONLY uses their social media to 
repost church stuff. If you want to do real missionary work get to know 
people as individuals. And then freely share your testimony, values and 
beliefs organically which includes using social media and other technology 
when inspired. Don't treat people like a conversion project they can tell 
what you are doing and it is off putting. I need to share.I like this video, I saw it in my EFY, and I love the message and the song! 
Somebody nows wich song is played in this video?:)We do not believe in the Trinity. You are correct that we believe in God, 
the Eternal Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost. I 
would invite you to visit Mormon.org where you can talk to members and 
missionaries on live chat to get your questions and questions that may 
follow answered fully.Jesus Christ is God. We believe in God the Eternal Father, and in His Son, 
Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost. To really understand the Trinity, read 
St. John 17:1-11 especially verse 11.Jesus is the Lord God!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)<3Mormons don't believe that Jesus IS God.I talked to Mormon missionaries a few weeks ago and Mormons don't believe 
that Jesus is both the Son of God AND GOD. Mormons believe God, Jesus, and 
the Holy Ghost are three SEPARATE persons with one purpose. The bible 
teaches that only one God should be praised and that is the only God. Jesus 
is God, that's why Christians worship Him. If Jesus and God are two 
separate people than does that mean Mormons worship two gods? Please be 
honest- even the elders I spoke with said Mormons have diff faithVery nice... LOVE ONE ANOTHER & DO LIKE I DID... Eternal & I nspiring 
massage... The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day saints is really good 
in technologies- it's organized WELL but ... Remember about your talents 
... Be marvelous & nice to all who know you!!! Do something Todayf for just 
one who maybee near ... WILL YOU DO THAT?!?!?!??? If you Will do this ... 
You will be Happy, blessed & uplifted forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Learnning & Knowing that we are children of a Heavenly Father who Loves us 
very, very much is one of my greatest blessings. I know by studying and 
pondering about our Lord and Savior we can become like him, in everything 
we say and do. Give him your heart,your mind and soul he will take you by 
the hand and lead you.Yes you don't believe that Christ, is God in the flesh.. That He is the 
incarnation of God in the flesh... So yeah you don't believe that so your 
Jesus in the book of Mormon is different then the biblical JesusHey, I'm glad you like the video! In answer to your question, we absolutely 
believe in Jesus Christ. Let me show you a favorite scripture of mine, from 
The Book Of Mormon, 2 Nephi 25:26 And we talk of Christ, we rejoice in 
Christ, we preach of Christ, we prophesy of Christ, and we write according 
to our prophecies, that our children may know to what source they may look 
for a remission of their sins. That Christ is the same Jesus Christ of The 
Bible. Hope this helps, have a good day!I love this video!The LDS Church & it's members fully believe in the Christian Bible and it's 
Deities. We believe that Jesus Christ came to this earth and atoned for all 
of our sins, we know He is the Savior and we place Him in the center of all 
of our beliefs & practices. We strive to be like Him & strive to have a 
personal relationship with Him as well as out Heavenly Father. Thanks for 
your question!!!<3We do believe in Jesus the Christ , the Son of God. He is our Redeemer and 
Savior. We love him and try to emulate Him in our lives. The church is 
named after him, even the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.We do believe in Him, we just have some different ideas about him than 
other churches, but that could be said of a lot of churches.Really touching :)A message from The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints, so if 
this is the Church of Jesus Christ how come his Church doesn't believe in 
him? That doesn't make sense XD. I really like this video!!why do you call yourselves Christian when you dont believe in Christ?This is simple great! Positive media enlightens us all. I hope to become 
more media savy to enjoy more of this and, of course, share what's going on 
in Eastern Wisconsin. Just don't over do it. You have to be natural and sincere. If you just go 
off sending post after post people will tune you out. There are a growing 
number out there getting sick of the religious and political agendas being 
pushed and I can sympathize. I will share both religious and political 
views if I feel compelled but remember moderation in all things. Take a 
balanced approach, share other facets of your life be personable and real 
not just an encyclopedia of scripture.Thank You for making the Presidency messages available on YouTube, which 
now reaches my x-box. i have an old pc, which can not stream well enough to 
watch conference, but my x-box allows me to watch it perfectly. Our Dear 
Prophet is truly inspired.The GATE into San Francisco is the WRONG GATE!!I love social media and how Church using it. Mormon.org is an amazing 
place. I only wish they would make it more like inZion com with more 
sharing and profile features. I am a convert and I am was always excited to 
talk to my brothers and sisters from around the world!!!like!!!I love having music in the background! Why is it necessary for people to be 
so negative about little things? I love that bike by the way! I so want to 
pic message things from riding my bike around hahaI love how our Heavenly Father has seen fit to grant his children the 
inspiration and knowledge to invent these new technologies to spread the 
peace of the Gospel of his Son.why is it necessary to use music in the church's media presentations that 
ask members to do things?I love that the church has taken full advantage of modern technology to 
spread the gospel. I think that it furthers the work of the Lord as we 
prepare for His second coming. It's easier than ever to share your 
testimony to others and for others to seek out the church through 
advertising campaigns such as Mormon.org and channels like the 
Mormonchannel. Thank You :)WOOOO! Heidi Kershizzle up in derrrr!!I loved it, when i received this in my e-mail inbox post in my facebook 
accounts, its a powerful message, thank for the guidance from the 
presidency of the Church.Very beautiful and very inspirational!! I love this talk "Waiting on the 
Road to Damascus" by E. Uchtdorf. xoxoxoI already do it! Twitterstake unite!!! ;) This is great. Good job :)I wish I had picture messaging on my phone :/This is super CUTE.......and very true!! I love President Uchtdorf!!I will start to do that! :-)Adorable video!! Loved it <3