AMEN!﻿We do not now what crosses we will bear. To have a loyal and constant 
companion is a blessing. ﻿Music is powerful ;) Think about it, do any of you remember one particular 
Sunday school type lesson from primary? Not really, but I think we all 
remember quite well the primary songs. I looked out the window and what did 
I see? I bet you can finish the sentence ;) & that was just a silly fun 
one, think of all the wonderful messages found in I'm trying to be like 
Jesus, and I love to see the temple, even I am a child of God :) It's 
pretty fun to go through the children's hymn book and just readSo beautiful,,sometime people give up,,when and divorce when marry not 
happy,,but you can make a different,in your married if we always put the 
love of Jesus first in your married life,,goo and bad , How I am grateful for this video. My mother went through the same process 
before she passed away. It was a tough experience for my wife and I but it 
is one that we have cherished. How our love grew. Right now my sweet wife 
is beginning to forget, but I will always love her. How great it is that 
our love is still growing and that Heavenly Father is always watching over 
us.Jesus and God do not turn their backs on the sick and afflicted and neither 
should we. Even if they can't remember us, we should remember, love and 
take care of them.The mind is so vast, what we know what we don't know about it's workings; 
but even greater is what our spirit can obtain despite physical illness. My 
husband lost access to memories over a yr ago and life is different now for 
both of us. We have been married 35 years and he cannot pull the memory of 
our beginnings. However from time to time, for some bizarre purpose, he 
gets access to memories even though they are short lived. Life is a 
challenge some days, but the gospel gets us through!This generation of elderly really is the greatest generation. Living the 
last part of their life the way they always have...with dignity. Who they 
are/were has really defined a lot of the best parts of who we are now. 
Thank you Grandpa and Grandma!!The timing of this video is perfect. I had to put my sister in a care 
center recently, and it was one of the hardest things I've ever had to do. 
I have noticed a difference between the patients who have faith and and 
those who do not. Faith gives us strength in these times even as the care 
giver.fabulousWe all become old but love can never change..President Lewis!In sickness and health As a young couple we wed Our love was our wealth And 
with joy we looked ahead... Now in our aged years There's no tears or 
regret For love conquers fears Though it's me... she forgets What is left 
of her is as a child Not yet with ability to think Sweet, innocent, and 
mild Yet... still able to spiritually drinkAs a nurse's assistant I've found joy for many years in helping and serving 
the elderly, specifically those afflicted with Alzheimer's Disease. I'm 
currently helping to take care of my elderly grandmother and have been 
thinking more about the days when I will be very aged and what it will be 
like. I'm grateful for the experience I have gained and am gaining now in 
learning more and feeling more deeply the things that the elderly 
experience. It will prepare me well for a long, healthy life.Wow - makes this even better for me. Really a wonderful video!!!I loved this video, so moving! It reminded me of my grandma.this video touched my heart so deeply, i love loving!!this is a very very very nice video. thank you :DTHaT's my Mission president!! AAM represent!Wonderful. Just what I needed to hear.@junkchic I believe they were real people and not actors, very beautiful 
however.WOW, WHAT A BEAUTIFUL VIDEO!!!I work at a senior home now so this video really applies to my life. It's 
important to remember that when people are afflicted with conditions like 
this they used to be full of youth and they gave so much to us and younger 
generations. Thanks! ♥Beautifully done. I am so happy to see this message. The Orchard Cove care 
center is located in my home neighborhood of Bountiful, Utah. My family and 
I have volunteered there for several years, and we sing on many occasions. 
The residents always respond to the music, and sing along. Even though 
their minds are not cooperating, their spirits are fully functional, and I 
always go away feeling I have received much more than I gave. That spirit 
of love & peace is captured in your video. ThankyouWow - I hope that someday I will be reminiscing on decades of marriage with 
a woman I love. The gospel of Jesus Christ is the thing that has kept my 
parents' marriage together for over 30 years, and I believe that when I am 
married someday, it will help me and my wife as well.Wonderful video. Thank you so much.What a beautiful and inspirational message! It's so full of HOPE for people 
that suffer from Alzheimer's and other age-related illness! Thank you so 
much for sharing! Also, President Lewis did and amazing job at narrating 
this piece! I love him and his family so much! -Ashley M. Bountiful, UTExcellent, as always!this is soooo sweet and cute!Beautiful message with subtle, beautiful music.Wow. This one really caught me off guard. Thinking I would not 'connect' 
with it (given it is about a disease I know nothing about) and yet I felt 
so drawn into for so many reasons. The 'actors' were obviously not 
professionals but they did such a great job conveying their feelings. I was 
also struck with how 'top notch' the film was. The Photography and music 
were stand outs for me. I just cannot believe we see such high quality 
short films on this site - one right after another.These videos are absolutely inspiring! I've used almost every single one in 
both missionary efforts and teaching efforts. Thank you to whoever makes 
these! Please keep them coming!!!my mom has alzheimers and this is a very special video, my mom also 
remembers music . Thank you for sharing this!The people in this video are afflicted with Alzheimers, which will affect 1 
in 8 people by age 65. I hope and pray that the research can continue on 
this disease and others to help, but in the meantime there is dignity in 
living with faith in those final chapters of life.It breaks my heart everytime i see this, my grandma had parkinsons i know 
the sufferings and the sorrows. Plaques are the cause for most of our 
societal diseases. These plaques come from animal fats and Dairy products. 
We should avoid these. So many lost years of healthy living. It's a 
devastating desease.that was nice, makes getting old not look so badsweet...We serve others and in turn we serve our God.that was a nice video. i love thesei would rate this 10 stars. 5 isn't enough. <3 this video!At 48 I suffer from Parkinsons. I hope and pray that when my time is done 
here on earth that I will be remembered for my Faith and my Hope. My Father 
has given me a challenge. It's very hard and very difficult sometimes. I 
get angry, but then I think of that wonderful day when I will awaken and be 
resurrected and all this will be gone. The tunes will give you the hope 
because they are those we grew up with and remember most. Love, Faith, Hope 
and Charity.Love transcends all.Love it.joy in the journey - amen