You'll be born again in the Spirit when you Repent
Repentance means surrendering YOUR WILL and enthroning God's Will
Then you'll be born again in the Spirit.﻿So to enter the kingdom of heaven I must be baptized in the water?﻿Re: Born again.

We must remember that Jesus Christ was telling Nicodemus "that we must be 
born again" because at that point Nicodemus was not yet Baptized. Baptism 
is being born again.

John 3: 5 Jesus answered: Amen, amen I say to thee, unless a man be born 
again of water (BAPTISM) and the Holy Ghost,(HAVING THE SPIRIT OF GOD) he 
cannot enter into the kingdom of God.

John 3:5 above speaks about, WATER and the HOLY GHOST this happens at the 
same time at Baptism, which equal BORN AGAIN.

Matthew 18:  19 Going therefore, teach ye all nations; baptizing them in 
the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.

Mathew 18: 19 Above Jesus Christ does not  use the exact wording of "Born 
again" However, Jesus Christ tell the Apostles above, to BAPTIZE "in the 
name of the FATHER, and of the SON, and of the HOLY GHOST" THIS EQUAL BORN 
AGAIN. AMEN﻿This is great movie film. I want see other new act movie about god born 
again long film?
Any know have born again movie?.﻿I wish I could understand English﻿Blessed is the Son of God﻿In YouTube, search for "Jesus of Nazareth teaches Nicodemus about 
reincarnation ".﻿You must be born into Jesus. One cannot simply say that he is:"Born again" 
after waking up one day.
Even a legendary boxer claimed that he was born into Jesus. Witnesses are 
there, you can find it in "Facing Ali" the movie.﻿Let the spirit of the living God purity me and my family in Jesus name. 
Amen﻿John 1:13 They are reborn--not with a physical birth resulting from human 
decision or plan, but a birth that comes from God.﻿John 3:16-17 ﻿♡﻿How do you really know Jesus is the son of god? What if it was all just a 
practical joke?﻿Best video collection ever made. I'd like them all on cd to give as giftsi can Teacher You Love ManI love the Teachings of Jesus, so simple and yet profound. Only God can 
have such wisdom.Wow, i love the way Nicodemus became just too helpless!What an amazing teaching of the which I'm certain we all can learn much 
about how we conduct and account for our own lives.Google has a new function that allows you to turn on captions in almost any 
language. Click on the captions button and then translate to the language 
of your choice. It's not quite the same as watching it in your native 
tongue, but it's a good start.John's 3rd chapter deals with essential thing of "Born Again" experience, 
that everybody should have.Nicodamas is well experienced in law of Moses, 
but Jesus emphasis ed on born again to him also to reach kingdom of 
God.Salvation is personal experience.It can't be attained by heriditory. 
You may be a born christian, but you have to born again,ie receive Christ 
as savior by confessing sins and getting forgiveness through precious blood 
of Jesus.Nicodamas accepted the truth and became disciple 10 For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto GOOD WORKS, 
which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.Great. !jesus is beautiful. "For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead 
also." James 2:26 i believed in my heart JESUS is LORD, i love him with all my heart to GOD 
be the gloryThis is amazing and true! I'm getting baptized today by the way!:)Of course we are saved by grace, all Mormons believe that. We also desire 
to live our lives as closely as we can to the Saviors. He told everyone to 
come and follow him. He told everyone to live righteously, so why would we 
not listen to him? We are indeed saved by grace, but we also show our love 
to Him by trying to be like Him. That is what true disciples would do. This video and message is absolutely beautiful. It has increased my 
understanding and brought to life this passage in Johnwhat movie is this It's too bad the Mormon church is based on false teaching. If they would 
abandon the erroneous teachings of the false prophet Joseph Smith and stick 
to the Bible, they would do well!Christ is LordIf Jesus was here on earth and I saw him. I would run up to him , kiss him 
and hug him an then would probably wouldn't let him go!!Wow!pure awesomeness.well, mormons are ChristianGreat video! I learned that people recieve the Holy Spirit at different 
times and in different places. It is wonderful knowing that God sends his 
power by His spirit to yours and not by another man's hand of ordinaces. 
Praise our savior Christ!!!wow this is so powerful. I love the voice it sounds so calm but full of 
love and spirit of GOD jonh 3;16 i luv tat verse!!I LUV JESUS EVEN ENTERNALLYI agree I like this guy playing Jesus."For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith —and this is not 
from yourselves, it is the gift of God— not by works, so that no one can 
boast." Ephesians 2:8-9Awesome videos. I'm not Mormon but as a Christian I love watching these 
videos. Well done.Amen.. I like the way the LDS Church produces these understated videos. 
They're not pounding the message into your brain, but simply, speaking 
softly, and straight forward, it informes and leaves the message to be 
heard.. by ones spirit, where the truth is heard and believed.I've hear sermons on various verses from John 3, but to hear it all 
together spoken for the first time helps my thoughts focus more. The 
context of John 3:16 is much broader now. His words are so powerful. He's telling us to watch our actions and 
thoughts that they be not evil. Not to condemn, but to glorify. That man 
has such an awe inspiring inheritance if we are worthy. Like everything 
worthwhile in this life, it must be worked for. All are called, and with 
work and humility all can recieve. I love the message. Even if I still 
struggle with my own personal worthiness. Thank you Lord for inspiring and 
loving me.completely agreeIt's amazing how the teachings of the Savior are timely, no matter when 
they were made, or when they were heard. I love this mannot to be mean or disrespectful but some of his word he says seems to sound 
of a christianI read and heard the words of the Savior throughout my life. But this 
reenactment and the spirit make it very easy for me to understand them.There is also an app for the I pad with these on them.The things that Jesus taught Nicodemus seem so perfectly tailored to his 
individual needs. When Christ says John 3:16-17, it seems like he's telling 
Nicodemus, "Buddy, I know that it seems like I'm being really hard on you, 
but really, I'm here because I love you and want you to join me again in 
Heaven."en español please This is more than worth my time ! What a wonderfull experianceBeautifully simple! Yet our challange for life!It's easy to read passages like this in the scriptures quickly and without 
thinking too much, but hearing them spoken this way helps you think about 
individual phrases and ponder the meaning of the whole a little more 
carefully.They probably will be released on DVD as a collection of shorts eventually, 
for now new ones are just being released on youtube and biblevideos.lds.orgThese shorts are produced by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day. It 
is an extensive project of selected Gospel shorts and not a full length 
movie. They have a large movie set the same county where Brigham Young 
University is located and a motion picture studio off campus. They release 
a new selection each Friday which can be previewed on LDS.org and shortly 
released on the Mormon Messages Channel.:-)) GREAT series of videos. Very well done. Thank you!wow. that was awesome.What was the music played at the end? that was absolutely gorgeousThese are really great! Are they shorts, or excerpted from a movie? Every time I watch one of these videos I'm impressed at how excellently the 
actor portraying Jesus acts out his part. He speaks with a voice filled 
with mercy, kindness, and compassion while also being firm, just like I 
think Christ's likely was.1st :)