this is powerful talk indeed﻿I love this message😊😊😊I love my family😊﻿What a beauutiful and wise message. I loved it.﻿Yes, yes, yes, yes!Bro, don't complicate it; we are who we are; we believe in Christ. Labels 
are meaningless. I get what you ask but really is apples and oranges.@donwastemytimebaby HAve you learnt much about our religion?All i can say is BEAUTIFUL...TRADUCCION: "Deseo hablarles esta mañana acerca del amor como el de Cristo 
y de lo que a mi modo de ver tal tipo de amor puede y debe significar en 
relación a las amistades, el noviazgo, el cortejo y, a la larga, el 
matrimonio...El título de mi discurso proviene del maravilloso soneto 
“¿Cómo te amo?”de la Sra. Browning. No cuándo te amo, ni dónde te amo, ni 
por qué te amo, ni por qué no me amas, sino cómo. ¿Cómo te lo demuestro? 
¿Cómo te revelo el verdadero amor que siento por ti?@guidedbythespirit We only go by mormons because that title is what most 
people call us, just so there is no confusion. It's like how people call 
Catholic Chistians just Catholic. Whether they are Mormons, Catholic, 
Evangelical, Protestant or any other religion that bases there belief in 
Jesus Christ, they are all Christian. We don't claim that we are 'Mormon' 
because we believe in Jesus Christ, we claim we are Christan because we 
believe in Jesus Christ.@guidedbythespirit What are the basic Christian tenets that you are 
referring to? Belief in Jesus Christ as the Savior? The Bible as sola 
scriptura (how ironic if thats the case, because there would be no 
Christians until the fourth century)...or perhaps something else (without 
offence) Tell us what are the basic Christian tenets, in your opinion or 
according to the Bible, and then we will be better able to answer your 
question.@donwastemytimebaby And we hope you do! Keep the Faith im not mormon but that was beautiful! it makes me want to know more about 
the religion!@BCCWritingClass He didn't say that a person can't love without Jesus, but 
if he had, it still would have been true, for every good gift comes from 
God, and while people may not believe in Christ, yet gifts from God have 
been given through Him, including love. Furthermore, Elder Holland is a 
prophet, seer, and revelator. It is not narrowmindedness that leads him to 
say that in Christ alone we can find the greatest happiness, but because 
God told him. This I know directly from God.what an awesome talk on being faithful and loyal to your wifeTrue love from the start Is a gift from heaven Charity of the heart 
Selflessly given thank you!I was moved by this, he had me, until the part where he said you can't Love 
without Jesus. I guess he believes that the hundreds of millions of human 
beings on earth who are not Christian are not capable of true love- I don't 
believe that. He should take his own advice and believe the best of people- 
that Loves exists outside his view of the world. It's bigger than his self 
centered view of the world. There are BILLIONS of people that love, it's 
not reserved just for the folks in his church.Having had the pleasure of hearing him speak in person and know that he 
loves the members very much. He takes the time to spend with the smallest 
child to know what concerns them. Like the Savior, he brings his love with 
him and it shows in his eyes. Thank you Elder Holland we love you here in 
Syracuse. Elisa Shaffer@mandybare thank you for your comment it really touched me..@mandybare I love this comment of yours.. thank you so much. I love Elder Holland. I wish I can meet him in person and say How much I 
love him. This message is wonderful. It helps in my having good 
relationship with my husband especially when hard times come up. Love the 
church and Gospel. I believe it is true and I am very happy to be the 
member of Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day saints. I love you elder holland!Great message.What a beautiful message! Thanks Elder Holland.I'm thankful for all the prophets message, they really inspires us and give 
us the hope and the assurance that Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ really 
loves us@mcguire1kai Not all of us do - just those of us who use the King James 
Version of the Bible (because it was translated in the 1600s). However, I 
kinda like it. The language is, I think, much more poetic, and not as hard 
to understand when you get used to it. I think love is a wonderful thing.Thank you for sharing the message and 'good news' of our Lord and Saviour 
Jesus Christ. Thank you for adding the captions! It touches my heart so much. :)I love you, Elder Holland.beautiful and enlighteningHow different a definition of love than many of us are used to 
experiencing. Imagine getting married and having children to love and care 
for them. They are not just there to make us feel good. I know this is a 
tendency I have- to think of my family this way. But, Christ has helped me 
to move in the right direction; it is still constant work in progress. I 
can love my family as He loves us if I pray for it and have faith. I can 
move beyond my own selfish tendencies with His help. loved it!..thank you :)I really like this video. Love is strong & I'm thankful for the love Christ 
has shown to me.If we fallow christ exemple, we will love one another and we will find true 
love!This is very important and a very important message for a close 
relationship with someone...if we truly love someone, we will give them the 
benefit of the doubt and remember how Christ loved us....whoa just whoa this just made me cry, you Mormons are really good people, 
thanks for posting.amen n amen!!amen!!..Thank you for Posting this who can doubt that our church is faults when we 
have great and awe inspiring men like Jeffery R Holland Thomas S Monsoni love this video,it reminds me of all the things that i must keep in mind 
whenever I'm going to say that i love someone... true love is eternal 
love,it never fades nor fail,and it is offered inside our God's 
temple....becoming like him is the key for this kind of blessing.I Love this video:-)Beautifull =- )good job on the captions. even tho i can hear the spoken words, seeing the 
captions helps me understand the message even more. thx again.@empbac I dont think its necessarily the blood, but the suffering for our 
sins. physically none of us could take the suffering that it took for 
Christ to feel every pain of every person who ever lived. The fact that he 
willingly bled and died for us, unclean spirits, shows his infinite love 
for us. It was a pure sacrafice.AMEN!!!This was amazing and so magnificent :) I know that God lives and 
Jesus is the Christ this gospel is so so true!Awesome!Amen... and amen.they have :)Please add the captions to this video... It is hard to understand the 
message.May we Love each other as he Loved us and receive that Light and Love.google "download helper".My favorite quote: Believe the good, doubt the bad. If only we could do 
that more readily.Este vídeo retrata o que é o verdadeiro amor de alguém que profundamente 
vive ele. Um presente em minha vida.not everyone love each others.. if everyone do or does then there is no 
need for Jesus..since this world is unbalances so we need a belief to 
balance ours daily life. Forget about the Bad things and Remember the good. 
In order to forget we have to first forgive and let go, by doing so then we 
can forget.Why is a blood sacrifice required to absolve one of their sins? What does 
blood and death have to do with forgiveness?AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!! The message he shared is such a simple and basic 
principle not just in the gospel but in life itself! we all know what to 
do, remember what principles we were taught in the gospel as a child!! LOVE 
ONE ANOTHER AS I HAVE LOVED YOU! :)This is such an amazing message. Plus Jeffrey R. Holland is such an amazing 
person I just met him the other day he grew up in my home town. Shaking his 
hand was an honor I felt the spirit with him and there is no doubt that 
this chruch is not faulse at all.even if your not lds or even if your agnostic this is truly a wonderful 
messageThis reminds me of how more perfectly I should love my husband. I'm not 
doing a very great job at it now, but if I can be more selfless and full of 
hope I can do much better.Christ like love is all encompassing!Simply Beautiful! Thank You!A really lovely message!oh my heart...my heart...thank you for posting thisThanks for posting this--beautiful message and a wonderful witness of 
Christ and how our friendships, relationships and marriages can be 
strengthened.very good...such an amazing message"assume the good and doubt the bad" Elder Holland is truly a man of GodT-T it was so nice! Thank you so much!Elder Holland, you are a master teacher. You have impacted my life in a 
profound way!Por favor podrian traducirlo al españolhe's coming to my chapel in 3 hours......brisbane Australia Farside 
presiding: Jeffrey R. Holland Knt wait.....peaceThanks Elder Holland, A lovely close to a lovely sabbath.I am glad I have found this site of very uplifting words and testimonies 
about our Lord Jesus Christ. During these times that I need reassurance in 
my life, watching & listening to the testimonies truly touches my heart & 
soul and mind. I feel Jesus' presence when I listen & watch the videos 
posted on this site. My brother & his family are memberd of the LDS CHurch 
and I have been witness as to how God has enlightened their lives. I also 
feel Jesus' presence when I visit their Church.I love hearing these inspiring messages from the Mormon Church about our 
Lord Jesus Christ. During these times that I need uplifting of my soul and 
mind, somebody has led me to find this incredible link to be able to listen 
to God's word. I feel the presence of the Lord Jesus whenever I listen to 
the testimonies here. A very uplifting site to see everyday!I have three daily spiritual goals...pray to my Father in Heaven, read and 
study my Scriptures and come here to find a new video to post on my 
Facebook page. I know how soothing it is to hear the words of the prophets 
and see the images of Jesus Christ make me feel. How could I do any less 
than to share that with my friends on Facebook, both member and non-member 
alike? The internet truly has made it possible for us to follow the 
directive, "Every member a missionary."There is a poem titled How do I love thee. I love the poem, but elder 
Holland is an awesome speaker about this topic.I love the definition he uses from 1 Corinthians: True love beareth all 
things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.I have never met him but he is an amazing person. And an Apostle of the 
Lord Jesus Christ. That is clear.I love what you said! I need to make that my goal too. How much better life 
would be with that attitude! Thanks for sharing :)actually they debuted the other way around, they started in Testaments and 
were used for the later compilation finding faith in christ. :)What a beautiful reminder to do better at loving others and not worry as 
much about what they think of me. I want to become the kind of person that 
enters a room thinking how can I show these people that I love them instead 
of wondering what they are thinking of me.wordBrother Holland gives great talks!Wonderful. I can listen to this over and over, and each time I am humbled 
over and over. Great. Absolutely wonderful. There is a reason God is God, 
and I love Him. So much. :)So Sweet andt true !!..I love this videO!!Its so amazing to be a member of the true restored Church of Jesus Christ. 
My heart is full of joy when I hear a special witness of Jesus Christ 
preaching to us with so much loveThis is a wonderful talk. If we all could love each other the way the 
Savior loves others, the world would truly be better.Most Inspiring of all videos I have heard. Love his message and the spirt 
in which He gave it. How should I Love TheeWhat a great message for everyone to enjoy. I'm loving these videos.What a wonderful world this would be if more people accepted this message 
and lived it. Thank you Elder Holland.Holland always has powerful words.The movie is Finding Faith in ChristThe movie is Finding Faith in Christ. You can get it free from the church.1:20 assume the good, and doubt the bad.. truly "hopeth all things".. 
-University Ward PhThe movie clips are from "Finding Faith in Christ", which uses clips from 
"The Testaments".my favorite part is what he says at 2:!5!