Don't forget your identity or purpose. I Love this message, I am 
continually filled with hope every time I get the chance to listen to this 
:)﻿that is so butifull😖😖😖😖😖😖﻿that is so butifull😖😖😖😖😖😖﻿that is so butifull😖😖😖😖😖😖﻿This video is Amazing! And so true.﻿I love this message and the video is so good! Thank you for your testimony. 
Videos like these are what truly inspire change. I will be watching it 
often!﻿the trials are real...the fear and desperation is real. what matters is are 
we right with others and our selves to seek repentance thru the atonement 
to redeem us thru it all both here and on the other side. only you can do 
for you...no one else...during every calamity and test.﻿I needed to see that﻿blessings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿This seriously made me cry.﻿This is a great video :)﻿i had a dream like that a few days ago...as the plane was falling i just 
closed my eyes began to talk to god over and over, while praying the fear 
left me, i felt at peace, warm and in a spiritual zone. Then i woke up!  
All i could say is wow!﻿faith overcomes fear, with strong fear you can have no faith and with 
unwavering faith you can have no fear.﻿that was amazing I loved it so so much thank you﻿I don't understand why this video would even have dislikes.. this is a 
beautiful message that each of us from different walks of life can learn 
from..no matter what religion you belong to﻿It reminds me of the hymn "Where can I turn for peace." The verse that 
stands out to me in that song is Where can I turn for peace when other 
sources ceased to make me whole." This story of Elder Nelson is a great 
example, of how in trouble times, but also in times of sunshine, that we 
have the power of prayer to commune with our heavenly father. He is always 
ready to answers our prayers, we need to just communicate with him. I 
testify of that, in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen. We have to be prepare always being good examples, living by the faith and 
trusting in our Heavenly Father I love it because i am a mormorit does not mean its truePrecious because is true!!!! Thanks for posting it!if you get lost you can always be found :')I read Luke 21 after watching this. This message has touched my heart. 
Thank you for making this.Religious beliefs are not the same as faith on the Lord. You have given a 
good example about suicide bombers. In the church members interchangeably 
use the term gospel of Jesus Christ and faith on the Lord as the Same. I can assure you, I'm wide awake. And I don't trust my salvation to Joseph 
Smith even though I know him to be a prophet of God; I trust my salvation 
to the Lord. And I have read the New Testament and I do have a relationship 
with Christ. It is not as strong as it should be, but that is my fault and 
my fault alone. So if a mortal man commits an indiscretion then it discounts the word of 
God in the Bible and/or Book of Mormon? How do you even believe in Christ 
with all the child molesting, raping and adulterous pastors/priests/etc all 
over the world? I doubt the truth in your words. I trust what I find in my 
bible and Book of Mormon and the words of wise and good men after it. I 
believe in Christ and do my best to seek him. Stop listening to/preaching 
hate towards other people. Those hearts are not w/GodI don't think sharing your opinion is a buzz kill. And I admit as a young 
child I was afraid to die, but as I grew older (and I hope wiser), I came 
to realize that death is a part of life and we must all go through it. I've 
realized that I have no reason to fear death as long as I do my best in 
this life.I can honestly tell you, I'm wide awake. Joseph Smith does not hold my 
salvation in his hands. He helped restore the truth and I believe he set a 
Christ-like example even though he made mistakes as we all do. I've been 
thoroughly studying the NT and it has only strengthened my testimony that 
this is the true gospel. And these disciples encourage me to have a 
personal relationship with Christ. Granted, I'm not perfect at being like 
Him, but I'm trying and I've had personal conversations with Him.The video that lies closest to me heartElder Utchdorf once explained an experiment that was made with 2 groups of 
people. Both had to go through a forest to it's other side but they were 
given no compass or a map, but they had references to guide themselves. 1 
group kept going in circles and the other managed to cross the forest. The 
Book of Mormon is that reference, like a map, to return to our Heavenly 
Father. The book is it's own proof. Read it, meditate it and ask if it is 
true, cuz it either is or not true. :)I am in tears because my son fell away from all of the good things I tried 
to teach him. He's 19 and I wanted him to go on a mission to bring truth to 
the world. This is the Lord's work and I testify of that. But the story is 
not over for my son because this work is true and he will see it one day. 
My heart will not fail me because I trust in the strong arm of God. I am 
thankful to the missionaries and pray that if you are an investigator 
you'll listen and feel the Spirit of God as they teach. It's about truth. God accepts what is good and right from any people or any 
culture. He loves everyone and wants the best for everyone, but people are 
allowed to choose for themselves.. I agree that finding God is a personal 
experience but Christ said "I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man 
cometh unto the Father, but by me." John 14:6. While all religions probably 
have good parts about them, what Christ taught was a fulness of truth.This is one of my favorite mormon messages.How can you all be so blinded? How is it possible that you have let your 
own pride and teachers preach falsities. The church us true and Russel M. 
Nelson is an apostle.Many cultures many different believes, Yes Mormons have a different way, 
catholic has different ways, muslims ect. But if you think about it, there 
is only One Creator, if He made man with all these different cultures why 
would He not accept all these different ways as well?. In the end its all 
about finding God in you're own way.I believe in Jesus Christ. I know he is my Savior. I have read the New 
Testament.. and the Old testament, and I believe them to be the word of 
God. These men are not coming between me and Christ, they are helping me 
come closer to Him. I am not scared to die. I don't want to die yet. There is so much to live 
for and so much to do. But I am not scared to die. I am however scared of 
HOW I die. Being stoned to death as the early christians were or cruzified 
ect - those are very painful ways to go. I should think they were scared to 
death (pardon the pun). I'd hate to die of cancer like my granddad did - 
slowly and painfully dragged out for years... But death itself holds no 
fears for me.It is possible to be calm. The Holy Ghost is the comforter. Elder Nelson 
was a heart surgeon by profession. He's seen death occur. If a certain set 
of circumstances presents, it is inevitable. Death is simply the separation 
of the spirit and the body. Elder Nelson could feel the Holy Ghost. He has 
the faith to live his life with an attitude of "Thy will be done". So it is 
possible not to fear. May we all strive to acquire the same degree of faith.This has always been one of my absolute favorite Mormon Messages, it's very 
well done and I love the message. It's added to my favorites list so I can 
come back to it often :)Im 20 and doing the same thing! it really is a good feeling of the spirit :)To Jack Key: There is a new movie with Will Smith and his son. There is a 
quote from that movie that goes something like this: "Do not fear. Now, 
don't get me wrong there IS danger, but fear is a choice." Look it up. It 
answers the question of "Are we afraid?"Love our church! Modern Day revelation is the best!Knowing our identity and our purpose can provide perspective. It always 
helps to see the big picture when I'm in the middle of the stressful or 
worrying details. I was a missionary volunteer in Hong Kong and was the 
personal witness of a young family losing their grandfather. It was 
saddening, of course, but sweet to see the young daughter, a member of the 
church, trying to share with the rest how she had faith he would live again 
because of Christ's gift to all mankind. Despair changes to hope.Testimonies from elderly people in or not in the LDS Church as well as 
Church leadership is the reason to honor our Elders. His words of great 
loss in this life show that no one is spared the sadness caused by the 
empty space a loved one once filled.Once a friend of mine(in his nineties) 
said to me as a young boy that my life would have great joy that could only 
be matched by times of great sadness,but in the end the joy would carry me 
through.With each year of life I know he was right.Thanks.He was calm whilst the plane was crashing because he is extremely old. Most 
other people on the plane were probably young and had their whole lives 
ahead of them. But this guy doesn't have much time left anyway, that's why 
he was calm, he doesn't have much to lose.Do you really believe these men are trying to stop us from having a 
relationship with Christ? They teach us to go to Him.. Teenage brides? 
That's false. Whoever Todd Compton is, is not a truthful Latter Day Saint.Fear comes from Satan... And clearly Satan has no power over Elder Nelson. 
There is nothing wrong with not being scared of death if you know where 
you're going.. I'm a Mormon, I know it, I love it, I live it.. and I KNOW 
the living Christ is our Savior and Redeemer..What does it matter to you?He is not wrong, this is the true Church of Jesus Christ.This is a true video, in that I have been through some tumultuous times and 
relied on my faith to see me through. Jesus Christ brings us hope and life 
everlasting. And erases that fear and inserts that calmness in our lives. I 
know the church is true.I have a testimony that there is life after death. Thanks for uploading 
this Video :DWoohoo NZ man da best mission ever :), anywhere you go is good as long as 
Gods work is fulfilled and is shared to all nations :)Please understand that I have a relationship with Jesus Christ because of 
the LDS church. I was agnostic before the missionaries taught me the 
gospel. I was raised in a different church, but I always had so many 
unanswered questions. The most important thing we can do is listen to the 
promptings of the Holy Ghost. Anyone can say anything. Only the Holy Ghost 
can testify truth and help us distinguish truth and fiction. I can understand your perspective. I found it odd at first, but it made 
more sense the more I thought about it. We know from 2 Timothy 1:7 that God 
doesn't give us the spirit of fear, but of power and love and a sound mind. 
I would say that not being afraid is abnormal, because he has to have a 
tremendous amount of faith in God to trust that, if he had died on that 
plane ride, it was his time and he had fulfilled his mission while on 
Earth. Most people don't have that level of faith. I invite you to learn more about what we actually believe! Mormon.orgApostles don't have extra rights to the Spirit. "God hath not revealed 
anything to Joseph, but what he will make known unto the Twelve, and even 
the least Saint may know all things as fast as he is able to bear 
them..."-Joseph Smith. God Gives line upon line to EVERYONE that asks. " 
That which is of God is light; and he that receiveth light, and continueth 
in God, receiveth more light; and that light groweth brighter and brighter 
until the perfect day." D&C 50:24. we can all have that hope!*Paulactually, Peter testified for a whole chapter about the resurrection and 
how the sting of death is swallowed up in victory because of Jesus Christ. 
(1 Corinthians 15) according to him, you're afraid of dying if you're a 
sinner and unrepentant. Job glorified the Lord and looked forward with hope 
in the resurrection even though he was going through horrible trials. (Job 
19:25-26). Fear is the opposite of Faith. we may not be like Elder Nelson now, but he wasn't that calm just because 
he is an apostle. He has lived his life in such a way that he has gained 
that faith and hope in Jesus Christ and God's plan for us that he isn't 
afraid of dying, and anybody can reach that point. He's not an exception, 
he's an example for us to follow. I love this Mormon Message. He didn't claim to know he was going to his death. And where's your proof 
the church isn't true?A lot of Mormons have a relationship with Jesus Christ, please do your 
research before commenting.Not everyone is afraid of death. And the man was old and he already lost a 
wife and daughter so it shouldn't be surprising it didn't bother him that 
he might die.Kickin it:-)It has been a year since you posted this comment but I felt I should 
comment. I hope your life has gotten better over the last year. i know what 
it is like to hit rock bottom as well.This is my favorite of the Mormon Messages. I don't mean to be a total buzz kill, but there's something wrong with you 
if you're not afraid of death. Even the early Church members were scared 
out of their minds when they were being hunted down and executed.People are terrified of dying. Its seems to me that humans are primed to 
believe stories that tell us we will live forever. Especially when the 
truth is decided by a feeling you have...You "knew you were going to your death" and you were wrong. Just like you 
are wrong when you say you know the church is true.In all due respect to Russell M. Nelson, he is an exception, because of the 
fact that he is an Apostle, with extra rights to the Spirit. I am sure 
there are many faithful LDS who would still, (in the vernacular), freak out 
as well, if this airline incident occured to them. It's like comparing 
apples to pinapples. Not very many of us have our callings and elections 
made sure, once again, in all due respect to a very wonderful man, Elder 
Nelson.Mormons please wake up, research your history Stop trusting your salvation 
in the hands of a man that took teenage brides an hid them from Emma. It's 
all documented in "In Sacred Loneliness" by Todd Compton, an active LDS 
historian. Read the new testament and become born again, believe in Jesus 
and stop trying to work for your "exaltation". Stop letting these men come 
between you and having a personal relationship with ChristI loved this video. It teaches where we can go to for peace.Throughout the 
video I felt peace and it brought me to tears that the Savior Jesus Christ 
would give me that peace ."If you've got enough Faith you can handle difficulties knowing that with 
an eternal perspective that all will be well"Have you read the book of mormon ?I'm expecting my mission call tomorrow (Fingers crossed for New Zealand) I 
can not wait to go and serve This was lovely!I love Elder Nelson :) He was in my home ward through high school until our 
ward split. He is such a powerful speaker and a wonderful man inside and 
out. I only pray I can be as faithful as he is and to have that kind of 
strength. How wonderful is Gods love! And the Saviors atonement... I honestly don't 
know what I would do without this gospel. Remember what is important and 
keep an eternal perspective. This life is too short. Make sure you keep God 
in your life so your heart doesn't fail you.Thank you so much Elder Nelson. I really needed to hear this tonight. :) Well Done Mr. Elder. Thank you for a lovely storyHave you gotten your call yet?!Becoming a member doesn't always mean life will get better, but it does 
mean that you will have added strength when the rough times happen, if you 
follow the teachings of Christ and his Apostles and Prophets. I know this 
is the Truth!wow, have you seen how many likes you've gotten on this comment? If you'd ever like to talk about anything about life send me a message. 
Glad you liked this message as did I...Hey I know you posted this comment a while ago but I wanted you to know how 
much I appreciated your comment and that I hope you've found peace and 
happiness. Hello my friend. I know I am but a stranger, but I have watched this over 
and over again and found that same peace that you speak of. I have this 
peace on a daily basis in my own life because of the true knowledge of the 
gospel of Jesus Christ and its teachings. If you are interested in knowing 
more I would love to share this source of peace with you. mens hearts will fail them, explains the antisocial society we live in 
today, our faith and our morals have been replaced with materials, and 
money.... but i know it inside, that i will not be taking those things with 
me when i pass away, i will never stop having faith, even when i think i 
have lost it, i will know how to find it, it will never leave me no matter 
how horrible i think of myself, god bless every single one of you, believer 
or non believer.