I LOVE Elder Holland! ﻿We watched this in YW. It was very spiritual. ﻿My Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God. He is not only without sin, but he is 
not subject of any sins also. And yet he suffers for our sins..Mormon? Q es eso?I so Love this, it brings out the TRUE meaning of Easter. A great reminder 
to our children and Adults alike. Two thumbs up..way up! Wow I cannot deny the spirit of him who died for us on Calvary. Happy Easter to everyone!This video is truth in it's purest form. Anytime the savior is mentioned 
and what he has done for us and that he indeed did Rise again gives us all 
hope that we might live again with our Father in heaven. When truth is born 
it strikes a chord within our hearts that we cannot deny and this is one of 
those things that I cherish deeply is the ultimate sacrifice and the 
Resurrection of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.  "Because Jesus walked such a... lonely path utterly alone, we do not have 
to do so." I love you my friends...Lonely lonely...May we always remember why we celebrate Easter. As a Lutheran, I don't know if I've ever heard a more powerful message on 
Easter and the sacrifice of Christ and what it means for us. I came across 
this clip by chance 3 or 4 years ago on You Tube, bookmarked it as a 
favorite, and listen to it every year at Easter time. I hope this clip 
remains available on You Tube for many more years. Thank you for making it 
available for us on this platform.Beautiful Reminder!And I am so grateful that He endured these trials for us.MrCoolman2003- If you go to LDS.org and type "None Were with Him" in the 
search box you can read the entire talk (written by Jeffrey R. Holland). It 
is an incredible talk that gives a greater gratitude for Christ and it 
gives hope in times that we each feel alone. Hope that helps! Because we feel the truth of it, and we are reminded as to why we love the 
Master...because He loves us.seems legit Why is this Praised so much?this is a great YouTube it mayed me cry sometimes you forget what he did 
for usAnybody know where to find the background music in this?Now this is speaking with authority!How ever you count it (day of the week. The tomb was empty on the first day 
of the week and that is what he just said.) this is a great gift given to 
us.I am so grateful the Savior has stood by me in my hardest and lonely days. 
I know he is truly my Savior and only his peace is lasting and true.Wonderfully spoken! You can't help but cry when you really reflect on the 
Greateat Gift our Heavenly Father gave to us....His Son, Jesus Christ! 
(Note to page originator...someone thought it would be funny to attach a 
sexually provocative ad next to the screen. I could not get rid of it. 
Perhaps you can.)Remember this was the time that the days were counted by the night before. 
This is tradition and history that contradicts what I think you're saying.Jesus lives i love jesus christ.Cotronixco what faith are you?Resurrection Sunday? I think not. This is a good video but the Son's third 
day occurred on the Father's seventh day. This is no coincidence. The Son 
will rise to power over His millennial kingdom while the Father rests. Holy 
week (history also - we are in our 6th day) was 7 days long. The Lamb was 
chosen on Sunday, killed on Thursday, and resurrected on Saturday. This is 
something tradition missed completely, but it is very important for us to 
know.brings you to tears to know that our savior had to suffer for us. Any time 
you think you are not good enough or broken, remember that you were 
important and precious enough for our savior to die for you. Truly lets you 
know that you matter.In school, I dont have LDS friends around. This is my junior year. I know 
there are others out there just like me, and to them I say to remember, as 
Christ walked alone for us, we must walk alone for Him.I remember when i watch this conference it really struck me hard!i always 
hear about the atonement but what got me was how he said he stood utterly 
alone!Even when he bleed from every pore&cried from the pain how God was in 
agony that even he could not protect his only begotten son from all the 
Pain & sin he took upon himself so WE could return to him by the power of 
repentance!how great his pain i know when i feel alone& sinned im not 
alone! jesus know how i feel cus he suffered my sins as wellI am proud to be LDS. I am not old enough to serve a mission yet, but I am 
preparing. Christ lives. He loves us all and we must stand by him because 
he stood by us even until death.Elder Holland is inspired and so eloquent. I love this gospel, and I am so 
grateful that Christ died for me.All that we know would be lost without the atonement. Not a day goes by 
that I don't think of its significance in some way. I hope my (valiant) 
life and gratitude is sufficient, because I know no one will measure up 
1:1, if Gods' grace and mercy were removed from the picture.I love how there isn't any arguing on this video! Very powerful indeed!! This is one of the most spiritually charged videos and messages ever. It is 
so powerful and is one of my favorites, especially for the Easter season.Merci to Elder Jeffrey R Holland for speaking by the spirit and loving the 
savior and showing that love to us. So that we may all feel and partake of 
the love that the savior has for us. This is just a small peak at what our 
savior did for us. A understanding that we may all carry with us. I bear 
testimony that he lives, and that he suffered for our sins, and paved the 
way willingly for us to be able to return to our father in heaven. I am so 
very grateful for this gift and blessing. Merci to Elder Jeffrey R Holland for speaking by the spirit and loving the 
savior and showing that love to us. So that we may all feel and partake of 
the love that the savior has for us. This is just a small peak at what our 
savior did for us. A understanding that we may all carry with us. I bear 
testimony that he lives, and that he suffered for our sins, and paved the 
way willingly for us to be able to return to our father in heaven.@grayghost2001 Congratulations! I'm glad you were able to pull through, 
submit and go on your mission :)What a Beautiful talk, and video. Happy Easter Everybody. Let us never for get the great cost that was affixed to the greatest free 
gift to all. Much to joy in this Easter day. Much to celebrate! Much to 
appreciate! This was such a powerful moving talk when it was originally given!! <3 
Elder Holland!!@grayghost2001 cordova ! i met many beautiful Saints from Cordova Espero 
que este teniendo una mision muy exitosa !"...because Jesus walked such a long, lonely path utterly alone, we do not 
have to do so." Wow! That line really hit me. It is so incredible true. I 
know it. Christ is there for us no matter what. He loves us.i love elder holland's talks. This is such a powerful talk. If you have 18 minutes watch Holland's talk 
from the 2009 General Conference which this video is taken from.Wonderful Talk!!! I absolutely love it! @grayghost2001 My husband served tin Cordoba, too! With a heart full of 
love for the Lord and the gospel, you will treasure your mission for the 
rest of your life. His talks are always very emotional. You can tell that he truly believes 
what he teaches and wants everyone else to feel the love he feels for our 
savior. Its something we have come to understand and live with,loneliness, but we 
always fight against it, never allowing it to stay, but in reality the pain 
is within not outside ourselvesWhat a blessing Jesus Christ has given us so we can live with God again.This videos is one of my favorites¡¡¡¡ Thanks¡¡¡¡This is by far my favorite clip. I keep coming back to it when I struggle. 
It reminds me that we are never truly lost, and Jesus suffered all things 
for us; when I think of this it breaks my heart and at the same time fills 
it with hope for all of us. I know the church is true!I'm so thankful for this video because it has helped me, and now one of my 
non-member friends watched it & she understands a little more of what 
General Conference/The LDS Church is like:)Don't watch tjohn1986's Mormon video. He's trolling with us. : / Merci Elder Holland pour ce message si puissant. merci de nous redonner le 
courage d'affronter nos afflictions en pensant à la souffrance du Christ, 
Lui homme sans péché, Lui qui nous a tant aimé, a souffert pour nous. Il 
nous aime vraimentMy thoughts at the end of this video, as we see the empty tomb...though he 
was alone in life, the tomb was alone when he lived again. In other words, 
Christ did what he does for all of us. He took something bad, and made it 
good. He triumphed over death and the trials of life. Are we greater than 
he? No. Christ has descended below all, and overcome, that we may overcome 
all through him.What a great message, this all really happened and Christ really is alive 
right now.Beautiful depiction of Christ's atonement for me. May I never forget.Apostles are men of God. Wow. Very moving.cool!!AMEN!This is one of my favourite talks...... bring tears to my eyes but i feel 
joy that Jesus Christ humbly bore all things and so can I. I know that God 
loves us dearly and Jesus Christ is indeed the Saviour and Redeemer of the 
world, only through him can we be saved.The Church Of Jesus Christ Of 
Latter-Day Saints is Gods church on the earth today. Families can be 
together forever through Heavenly Fathers Plan. JESUS CHRIST LIVES!This message is so profound, so heart-wrenching. If I watched it a thousand 
times I still would cry. Usually I try to avoid pictures or films that show 
Him before the Resurrection,I am a coward, but I feel 'that perfect 
brightness of hope' after watching this!@HaveUconsidered The long,lonely path that Jesus walked alone is his 
suffering on the cross. Its the entire process of Jesus sacrificing his 
life for all of us. He alone had to endure the process or path of suffering 
for all our sins. These words are so wonderfully uplifting.Praise Yaweh and Elohim and the heavenly father as well as the father son 
and holy spirit - AMEN - my easter prayerThis is what it's all about. Not eggs and bunnies. I wish more people 
understood the real meaning.The true meaning of Easter.Its so nice to have readily accessible video shorts of the powerful 
testimonies of the apostles.What a powerful message! What a powerful Jesus! ~ AmenDoesn't this about say it all. Pray for the lost, who don't know Jesus one 
on one. He lives. He is our helpmate in all trouble. He is our Savior until 
we meet him again ..... Praise be to God, The Father Almighty ... creator 
of Heaven and earth .. Thank you, Jesus, for your supreme sacrifice, that 
we may have eternal life ~ Amen,Hearing the words of our apostles as they testify of Christ causes my heart 
to burn with testimony. I am GRATEFUL and blessed to have the truth of the 
gospel in my life. My prayer is that I will live day by day in a way that 
reflects the love my Savior has shown to me. I can never repay the 
sacrifice He gave for me. Thank you, my Savior...These words and video gripped me like no other. His journey must have been 
so difficult and alone. I love my Lord. Not matter what you think of Him 
and those who try to follow his teachings, I hope you know He loves you 
still.HAPPY EASTER! :DThis is an amazing message. I am grateful for my savior Jesus Christ! I 
cannot imagine the great love he has for me! It must be great, because he 
was willing to suffering and die for me! I thank my Heavenly Father! I pray 
that I may come closer unto my God!SO great! Thanks!Never seen anything so moving and touching as this.@41051178 You can download 'realplayer' for free and save them that way 
too. A little download button appears above the video on the right and you 
just click on that after you have the realplayer. I do that for my Primary 
class videos.I LOVE ELDER JEFFREY R. HOLLAND!!! This message is amazing!! What great 
love God and Christ has for us ♥I just watched this in Seminary. It made me choke up, more so with that 
music. It continues to astound me how much Jesus has done for us.Actually, people from the middle-east are caucasian; proven by genetic 
research.Beautiful!Jesus Christ has returned. I AM.google a file converter website and follow the instructions it has. My mom 
used it for her lesson too, lol.What a great talk and video!!!It is a talk on the last april conference (178th) Sunday morning I think. 
If you can get the tapes... on libraryway to go!! i to am a convert of 3 years and it is thing Best i have ever 
done!!If everyone who has viewed and will view this video, sends it to just five 
people and they do the same,it will become the most watched on youtube. 
Lets make it happen. I start nowThanks for sharing this video. I like this message. Grazie a Youtube con le 
opzioni di sottotitoli, possiamo tradurre il testo di inglese in italiano, 
e capire meglio il messaggio. La vita da soli è triste, ma Gesù ha vinto la 
morte, e noi con Lui possiamo vincere questa prova di vita...Beautiful talk.This is one of my favorite talks. Thank you.Just want to Thank My God, Jesus Christ. He, who never thought ill of 
anyone, who never committed sin, who was required to finish the Atonement 
alone. Christ declared, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" (Matt 
27:46) Even God the Father had to leave Christ for a moment so that our 
Savior would know how we would feel when we committed sin. I love my Savior.You can do it my sister..God is with you for He is at the helmMay God bless you my brother.. Choosing to fill-in a full-time mission is a 
decision that you will never regret. :-)