I loved this message. I am trying to find hope peace and happiness so this 
message was perfect﻿Thank you for sharing this message.  It has brought me hope and peace.﻿Thank you for this today. I know the miracle of Jesus in our life has the 
power to change us and truly make us happy. ﻿I love this message. It brings peace to my heart and soul.﻿powerful beautiful message just what I needed to hear today, thank you﻿You know there is a challenge when it comes to finding happiness of course 
is difficult to find it thats why people rather choose drugs alcohol n 
stealing because thats the easy way to posses happiness, We have to teach 
them the secret.

Once u know this secret youre going to have peace freedom and happy joy in 
your life. 

﻿Love it!!!! ﻿I hope to meet you Carlie.Did you manage to find the missionaries? I know this was a year ago! Did you find missionaries??? The Plan of Happiness. It is amazing!!! I have made many mistakes in Life, 
Many sins, if you will.I will not say that I have been through it all, for 
there is only one that has, and He without sin. Not I , I have sinned much. 
Such that at times I turned from God. Yet I still believe, but wished I 
didn't, like many of us. I have found that this is not a time of Jdgmnt but 
a time of Love. If we will turn& face our Savior, even Jesus Christ. His 
arms are alwys out and ready to rec. us in LOVE.for S1e1r1e1g I hope you met with the missionaries cause its brought 
happiness and peace into my life. I am a member of this church, the church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and I love the Gospel of Jesus Christ 
because its helped me live a better life and be a better son, to connect 
with my mom and be a better brother too. God bless and good luck We all have Father in us we just have to find HIMHi. I hope you found the missionaries as well as the gospel and I hope you 
found the happiness you've been longing for. What you've said made me smile 
with a squeeze to my heart. So very beautiful. (The music in the background 
probably helped too. Heh.) As a fellow member of the Church, I know exactly 
how you feel/felt. I searched when I thought I was truly happy and found 
happiness, true happiness, in the love of Heavenly Father, Jesus Christ and 
their teachings. They're there. Happiness too.I really hope someone has already told you how, but if not go to mormon.org 
and click on request a visit on the top right of the web page and you can 
also click on the chat button right next to it to talk to a missionary 
online. Best of luck to you, I have also found happiness as hard as it can 
be sometimes...Choices are influenced and inspired by your beliefs.Although that may be true, True Happiness comes from religion. I know this 
first hand! and you can know it too, if you don't! good for you. that's very admirable.I love these videos. I hope they can help you and me to change and be more 
centered on Jesus Christ and his atonementThankyou so much! :)Thank you Professor John Lewis, you bring the spirit with your tone of 
voice and informed information. We are such a blessed people. The videos 
presented by caring individuals such as yourself are so important. Truth 
definitely resonates within us as we view and listen to each one. My heart 
is full of gratitude.Religion Brings happiness.NOBODY WILL BE HAPPY WHEN THEY DO BAD THINGS...WE WILL BE HAPPY ONLY WHEN 
WE DO GOOD AND THAT'S WHAT GOD WANTS US TO DO AND THATS WHAT HE ASK US TO 
DO What is religion but a series of choices?My grandpa just passed away this week. While we'll all miss him very much, 
it's such a comfort knowing where he's going, and how happy he is now. It 
is a wonderful plan that keeps us together forever as eternal families:) love it mormon.orgthis is something to be happy about.I love this church because I know the fullness of the gospel of Jesus 
Christ has been restored through it. I didn't always have the church in my 
life... not until 2 years ago. I have never been happier than I am today. 
Long story short, I am happy because I have the pure love of God in my 
life, and I am able to share that love with those around me. I am eternally 
grateful for The Church of Jesus Christ of Later-Day Saints.go to mormon.org There is a link at the top of the page where you can 
request contact with local missionaries :)I wish I were as happy as I wish I were. It may sound funny or silly, but 
despite having everything I need, something is missing, hence the reason I 
typed happiness on google search and it got me straight to this video. 
Where do I find those missionaries? Looking forward to getting to know how.Love itthx for sharing@silversniper231 that's true. but the right religion can help you make that 
choice easier I got up at 4 am to finish a 25 page paper for school. My wife is asleep in 
the other room. Watching this what I needed to gain some focus and 
perspective. Yes happiness is a choice, a choice to follow Christ. I am a 
Mormon, and keeping my focus on Christ and following Him His way through 
His gospel makes all the difference to me.@silversniper231 "...Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father 
is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to 
keep himself [and herself] unspotted from the world." James 1:27 (New 
Testament, King James Version). If you care about happiness and the chance of peace for all people then 
your society should start considering that all people are worthy of your 
respect and the dignity of full, unequivocal equity. Meaning gay marriage. 
Meaning embracing drug addicts and people who hate you. Meaning minorities. 
Meaning both failures and successes. Why would a religious following 
supposedly committed to peace fund with millions of dollar campaigns in 
California to stop equal rights for gays and immigrants?Happiness is a gift, not a decision Let's face it, we're human and we fear death and its inevitability. Thus, 
we create religious structure to cradle these fear and doubts . This 
establishment also gives humans purpose and answers in their life instead 
of always asking the perpetuating question of "Why are we here?". We create 
ideals for this religion to give the followers something to do. Some take 
these too far and ruin the purpose. I'm not entirely against Mormons, my 
point is that we can't ever fully understand God if at all Thank you for your testimonies. This is a powerful message that provides a 
fresh view of the world! Thank you! If we lived with God, whats with all the pain, natural disasters killing 
all your loved ones. LEaving you the last one alive in your family. IF you 
were that kid, youd say otherwise. In your rich, lives full of love, theres 
another side full of pain. Realizing God wont even help us in a time of 
need. God creates killers that could kill anything. Think. Personally im a 
secular humanist, dont even try converting anyone else into a religion 
there not. I was sent this, trying to find out what i am.thanks for posting this video.@AGolstonT The invisible spirit CAN CHANGE your lifeas well!!!People should give themselves more credit. These people's lives changed 
because THEY made changes... not because an invisible spirit changed their 
life. We are saved by grace, but if God asked you to do something, would ye do 
it?... great video btw @MrJkingstone The Bible states the faithful can become heirs of God and 
Joint heirs of Christ. This is how we can become like him. But the only is 
through Christ, we can do nothing of ourselves. Just because we keep his 
commandments through baptism and other things you like to call "works" 
doesn't mean we don't believe in grace also. We do the works God asks us to 
do, that's how we remain faithful and look forward to being with God 
through the eternities. SO GRATEFUL FOR THE GOSPEL. the one thing in my life that is constant. and 
always will be. ps the model looks like ellie goulding i think:)I'm happy for these peopleeeeeeee. @MrJkingstone - I generally don't read too many of these comments but when 
I do, it's usually just the top ones on my screen, of which yours happens 
to be. Pitty your mama didn't teach you that if you can't say anything good 
about someone or something, don't say anything at all. Please don't tell me 
what I believe, just as I won't waste my time on telling you what you 
believe. Go mow your neighbor's lawn or help someone you know needs help 
down your street. It'll make u feel better. thank you. we are happy.@benjaminfellmeth I am a christian and i believe that Jesus is the son of 
God also but why would Jesus matter to you if you believe that works get 
you to heaven? Jesus died and was raised so that our sins may be washed 
away and that is the ONLY reason we are going to heaven. Humans cannot 
possibly get to heaven by ourselves. We are not gods and we wont be gods 
because God is the ONE and ONLY God. That means that you will Not become a 
god in heaven. Talk to the missionaries. The restored gospel of Jesus Christ brings true 
happiness and lasting peace in this life. @MrJkingstone There is no other God besides Heavenly Father. Is- a present 
tense word. For human kind He will always be God. He provides the gospel in 
The Holy Bible- but does it make sense that his other sheep would not leave 
a record of their own? The Book of Mormon is /another/ testament of Christ, 
one that bears testimony of the other. It stands with and alongside the 
Bible, not take away or argue with it. It is not a lack of faith in God- it 
is belief that God still speaks to us personally.So true, Christ changes lives! @MrJkingstone it is not a lack of faith in God believing that you can 
become like Him. It is a promise in the great intercessory prayer of Christ 
in John 17 that we can become one with God and with Christ and inherit His 
life. It is not a lack of faith in God that we don´t limit ourselves to the 
Bible. We have faith in God that He can continue revealing His will through 
apostles and prophets today. Thanks to Christ´s sacrifice for all of us we 
can inherit eternal life.{ Happy Tears!!} This is beautiful.Thank you... This is very much uplifting to the souls... :)I was raised in the church. All of my older siblings fell away, as my 
father was not a member and it was easier to walk away. I too fell away. I 
always knew of its truth. My life was good, I had all the "right" friends. 
But it was not until I truly accepted the truth, truly took the challenge 
to CHANGE, that I realized what I had been missing. The happiness that I 
had forgotten about. This church.. it's true. All of it. I have prayed. I 
have taken the step to read and find out for MYSELF. cool story bro@Goldenowl19 If you sat down and read the book of Mormon you would find how 
much it fits, and relates back and forth between the books so much. The way 
back to him is to do your best in life threw good works, and repent for 
sins, and know that he will forgive you through his grace. You cant believe 
everything you hear, you have to find out yourself, not threw the internet 
but by asking in faith and reading the bible and book of Mormon. @silversniper231 It's not that you cant be happy without it. But with 
religion you can also find it happiness. @Braxtonmccoy It wouldn't make sense to ask someone who doesn't believe, 
your question, as they're only going to say one thing. You'd have to ask 
someone who feels they can't be happy without Him. They'll explain it. I'll 
admit, I was happy living they way I did, until I realised how selfish I 
was being; when many people thought I was selfless. I knew how I felt 
inside. Jesus Christ was my perfect example of how to live a selfless life, 
and in trying to live such - I am FAR happier nowThat was beautiful! I know that by giving ourselves to Christ, we will get 
so much more back!@silversniper231 you can see it as you want . people are different and some 
people think through religion they are happy .. maybe others can be just 
happy by the way they live but life isnt only about being happy and that 
video shows this .. you can be at your lowest and religion can help you . 
it makes you happy to believe . to have faith in Jesus Christ.three beautiful stories. thank you. thank you LDS Church for being there 
for so many and helping people all over the world. thank you for staying 
there is the midst of persecution, humiliation and accusations that are 
false. thank you, thank you, thank you.i just hope there is mandarin version of this..... I used to be a very unhappy person. Years of my life spent feeling terrible 
about myself. 3 years ago I made my own vow to never be unhappy again. Till 
this day I have thrived and have never been happier. I feel as though I am 
a happy go lucky person by my own decision. I am not a member of any church 
and don't plan to be, but no matter what your situation, my message to 
anyone is to just to find happiness within themself and spread that to 
everyone around them. =DHey guys look at this! All of these people are alone until they find 
"christ" Then instantly they have families? How does this happen? Someone 
explain.@silversniper231 they are saying this can help. Sorry don't agree. Happiness is a choice. not a religion @Braxtonmccoy people can be happy, but the happiness that exceeds all 
understanding comes from Christ. @Goldenowl19True.We are only able to return to Heaven through the grace of 
Jesus Christ but grace comes in after we have done all we can, to be as 
righteous and loving and Christ like as we can. We have to have faith that 
He will save us but,That includes good works as well.In James 2:17 KJV we 
learn:"Even so faith,if it hath not works, is dead, being all alone." In 
the Book of Mormon has countless scriptures that say the same thing. Aren't 
we so lucky to have a loving Christ willing to save us!@Goldenowl19 "Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead.." Bible James 
2:17 "for we know that it is by GRACE that we are saved, after all we can 
do" Book of Mormon 2nd Nephi 25:23 Mormons also believe Jesus is the Son of 
God, and also that the Bible is the word of God. What passage in the Book 
of Mormon were you referring to when you said that it goes away from Bible 
teachings? it doesnt matter which religen you are in catholic,momon,baptist, etc if 
you follow Jesus christ and accept him as your savior your deliver, left 
you up follow his plan then its pretty cool...i guessU guys need jesus. We need 2 help these peoplebeing mormon is a contradiction! they say they believe in the bible but 
then the book of mormon goes away from it! jesus is the son of god! the 
only way to heaven is through his grace, not good works.  It is not just the 10 Commandments, People....Christianity! :DNope...These arent paid actors:P Wonderful Beatiful!!!The God plan is perfect!!!