This has always been one of my favorite hymns. I too love how many times it 
tells us that the Savior will never, no never forsake us.﻿I am greatful to be a member﻿So great these voice who are praising the Lord﻿Amen﻿I simply adore how many times "I'll never, no never" is repeated.
Never shall God forsake men.﻿this was my first song i liked thye moment i joined the church. No man has 
ever been blessed to sing like the Momorns. Hail to them﻿love love this song. One of my favourite hymns. Love verse 3!! 💙﻿7th verse gets me every time.﻿Rest in peace L Tom Perry﻿I love this hymn﻿Fantastic!!!! we are really blessed﻿This is the song that opens Dr Vernon McGees Thru The Bible radio 
programme.  I recommend it for the serious study of the Bible.﻿Thank thee Heavenly Father!﻿Hermoso
﻿LOVE IT﻿Beautiful!!!! I love this hymn!!﻿A powerful, inspirational, and stunning performance. Thank you!﻿Love this church feel so blessed.﻿Does anyone know which General Conference this was ???﻿My two year old boy loves this song. He hums it in the grocery store. I 
showed him this video and he wants to listen to it again and again. What a 
powerful song."Fear not, I am with thee, oh be not dismayed. For I am thy God, and will 
still give thee aid. I'll strengthen thee, help thee, and cause thee to 
stand, upheld by my righteous omnipotent hand." My favorite verse in the 
whole hymn.Absolutely beautiful.One of my absolute favorite hymns!! Such a powerful message behind it!!My absolute favorite hymn!!!!I am an ELCA Lutheran from South Carolina. I play the piano and organ. 
Today (October 6, Pentecost 20), we sang this as the Closing Hymn. Ditto 
for me as I played it as the Hymn of the Day at a local Lutheran Church 
that I filled in at today. It is #796 in Evangelical Lutheran Worship. We 
sang it to the tune, FOUNDATION, and Early American tune.Escuche este himno y la verdad que me siento tan seguro! Gracias a Dios 
porque esta, La Iglesia de Jesucristo de los Santos de los Ultimos Dias 
esta sobre la tierra, y se nos permite participar de las ordenanzas y los 
convenios necesarios para volver a la presencia del Padre.how I loves these hymms...! they uplift my spirits when I am down...!The anthem of the Kingdom of God sung in the camp of the saints about the 
beloved city is just AMAZING! ...devils tremble when the Holy Ghost Mass 
Choir sings this! Every yoke is broken! Alleleuia!The Mormon Tab. Choir actually sings lots of songs that are not in the hymn 
book, so I think a request for a song that is in harmony with the church's 
teaching is absolutely appropriate! I grew up Protestant, and I was really 
surprised at how many hymns are in both the Protestant and LDS hymnals! We 
have a lot more in common than I realized. The 3rd verse is my favoriteGoosebumps!I do too!! It gives me chills! :)we need a second tabernacle choir in Europe or somewhere cause we need more 
awesome music! Yes!i love this hymn; i love this arrangement. i'll never forsake thee, no 
never. Latter-day Saint hymns inspire me. i believe themam i the only one who listens to the third verse over, and over, and over 
again?I know it is rare to deviate from the hymn book, if at all, but would it be 
appropriate of me to suggest the protestant classic, "Will the Circle Be 
Unbroken"? I know it is a bit rhetorical in nature but the Tabernacle could 
elevate its beautiful verses to mere notes from divinity.just like the church of jesus christ of latter day saints,,,, a verry firm 
foundation in the world today..superb, i love it....my favorite Hymn 