WOW! that was beautiful.﻿I like how this song is applicable to everyone today. With little 
imagination we can place ourselves in these verses and find encouragement 
each day of our lives.﻿arise and shine Saints forth with Christ﻿beautiful song and voices﻿William Clayton wrote this hymn as he took his family across the plains 
with the Mormon exodus out of Missouri, He was a remarkable man and scribe 
to the Prophet Joseph Smith and Brigham Young. I married his great, 
great,great grand daughter 30 years ago, 2 weeks after she joined the 
Church in 1985... the legacy he past down to all his family members is 
amazing. may the Lord bless all his children.﻿what a beautiful record...﻿We got introduced to this song here in South Africa by the late  Cyril 
Bongani Mchunu, I am so glad that he got honoured by the church last year.  
MOVING INDEED!!!!!!﻿The Pioneer Hymn this song talks about everything they went through. every 
time I hear this song I think of my ancestor Charles Sreeve Peterson  18 
months on the trail no food, no water, little supplies, his children and 
wife sick, being attacked but hostel plains tribes, and driven almost to 
the brink of death. but he made it to Utah and settled Morgan Utah and made 
the road safe for those who would fallow in his footsteps.         ﻿Truly moving!!!! Enough said!!!﻿My question is: How many times do they have to practice this song before 
they can get through it without sobbing?  Beautiful!﻿A "brilliant" rendition of this beautiful hymn. No one does it better than 
the Mormon Tabernacle Choir!﻿Just the first 10 seconds gives me goosebumps :)The best arrangement of the hymnI can't sing along because I am in tears.he escuchado otra versión en otro video de Youtube, con orquesta,y creo que 
esta no tiene nada que envidiarle a aquella. Este es un gran Coro. Un 
excelente director. Sin duda un gran arreglo coral. Este himno me conmueve 
hasta las lagrimas.It doesn't get much better than this!This was a moment of perfection. Moves me every time!makes me remind the pionners!! love itDeserves more views...Love it!cool songI love the Mormon Tabernacle Choir!my favorite hymn right now!Chills... every single time.I sing that Com,Com Ye Saints so much :'(Possibly the best hymn Ever!love it! Got to see this in person and it was breathe taking. love this!buen himno para cuando uno se sienta malis are mazing is beautiffull coro 