Gee I posted 2 comments that the powers that be didn't show. Just one got 
by them, wonder why?﻿Powerful testimony that makes me feel the spirit.﻿I don't understand how you can call yourselves Christians. First off the 
idea behind the "restored gospel" is not correct. What is the gospel? 
Mathew, Mark, Luke, and John. These four books wrote down what Jesus did 
and said. So the idea of a restored gospel is saying Jesus is imperfect in 
his teachings and had to revise them. Jesus is God, and God is Perfect and 
Just. When Christ comes to receive his bride, it will not include the 
Church of Latter Day Saints. No.Its so ironic today because, after studying so much on early Christian 
history, I would tell you that one from ancient times would probably infer 
that it is the Mormons, not the mainstream Christianity, that are the real 
Christians.Mormon is just a common nickname passed down from generation to generation. 
I am LDS and I preferably go by that name. We are the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Just as you may have a nickname, Mormon is 
simply ours. Nothing more then that. Just because our nickname is Mormon 
does not mean that we are not Christians, and it does not mean that is the 
Church's official name.Not sure where it says mormon on any of the buildings. Its The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Later Day Saints. Know as LDS. We study the book of mormon.Ask your Christian friends for 2 things--a definition of what they think a 
Christian is, and (2) a list of which churches fit the definition. Then 
look up Filioque and see if it's in their definition or not. Doing those 2 
tasks is more difficult than they imagine, but it's crucial to their point 
to rescue their argument from fatal inconsistency. If you can't take 
someone's word for it at face value, it's best to just let God decide who 
is a Christian (Bishop Edgely). ???Because we believe and teach that we were with Father in Heaven in the 
pre-existence. We chose his plan and sided with God the Father in coming 
down here to be tested and prepared for the world to come. Jesus stepped 
forward and chose to be our example and thus our Savior in God's plan, 
giving God all glory. Some mistakenly think that nothing came before this 
life. We, you and I, made the choice to come down here and gain a body.The name is posted visibly on the buildings, but you people verbally 
profess the name "mormon" before "Church of Jesus Christ" why is that? Is 
it mormons church? Or the church of moses? Many Christains fault us because we believe that God the Father and Jesus 
Christ are two separate beings or that even they could have a body of flesh 
and bone. I was taught when a child in another church that God and Jesus 
were the same and invisible. Even as a child I could not comprehend a 
resurrected Christ with no body.but you also believe that Jesus and Satan are brothers. That is wrong. 
Jesus is not an angel, nor was he created. Just look at the book of Hebrews 
and you will see your group's teaching isn't in full communion with The 
body of Christ.Christianity and Mormonism have many differences. But I think we can infer 
from the Apostle Paul that a Christian is anyone who believes in the birth, 
life, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. And if Mormons believe that 
well then technically that makes them Christian.Up!Had Stake Conference yesterday . We have a new Mission President now . He 
is an MD who got his trainging at Duke Univ . Why would someone leave a 
medical practice , move away from his home and family for 3 years , 
receiving no finacial compensation for it ? Because he knows the message of 
the restoration of the Savior's Church here upon the earth is true . About 1835-36. His name was Elijah AbelHow are the Mormons so sure that Joseph Smith really got those revelations?No. We are not affiliated with them in any wayWell, the first black mormon was probably sometime in the 1820's or 1830's. 
Black males first got the opportunity to receive the priesthood in 1978. 
Blacks could still join the church before then, just not have the priesthoodI don't know if she was the first black person to become a Mormon, but Jane 
Elizabeth James and her whole family were black members and they got 
baptized in 1847 (Henry J. Wolfinger, “A Test of Faith: Jane Elizabeth 
James and the Origins of the Utah Black Community,” Social Accomodations in 
Utah, American West Center occasional papers, University of Utah, 1975)he Garden of Gethsemene, and when he was baptized. Jesus is clearly not 
schizophrenik lol so he was talking to a separate person in those moments, 
Heavenly Father. We believe in Christ's second coming. We do study the 
bible and read about it in Revelations as well as the Day of Judgement and 
Salvation. If you have any more questions please feel free to visit our 
website at lds.org and read up on some material such as the articles of 
faith.To answer your questions yes we do read the Bible both the New and Old 
Testament. We study the King James Version and always have. Also we believe 
in the Godhead. God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost. I do not understand 
what YOU mean by the trinity but my friends believe the trinity is that 
God, Jesus, and the Holy Ghost are one person. We believe them to be 3 
separate people. The reasons behind that being is through Joseph Smiths 
vision as well as the crucifixion, when Jesus prayed in tBecause Peter, James, and John, among other special people (prophets of 
old) were sent by God to restore the the Priesthood in the late 1800's. If 
you want, you can ask the missionaries or a member of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints you might encounter. They will be more than 
glad to explain it to you.Well, mormons not only acknowledge Christ as the Savior of the world, but 
they also follow him the best they can. Even though they don't have the 
answer to every question one might ask, they have faith that all answers 
have one divine source. I think you can understand that.For some reason this video is not playing properly. All of the visuals are 
distorted and green. Sad! None of the other videos seem to be having 
trouble.Bwilliams13able@Joseph Smith himself ordained a former slave, a black man 
named Elijah Abel as an Elder with the Priesthood in 1836.Brother Abel was 
a fairly prominent member that served in the 3rd quorum of the Seventy 
starting in 1839. He served 3 missions for the church. Another black man, 
Walker Lewis also received the Priesthood during Josephs leadership. He was 
ordained an Elder in1844 by William Smith, Joseph Smiths brother.Joseph 
Smith was not a racist,he was friends with Elijah Abel whMarv23able@our Religion was before this world was ever formed.this religion 
is the same as Jesus taught over 2000 years ago. When the disciples were 
killed, God took it off the face of the earth, this gospel was restored to 
u's through Joseph Smith in 1820.Christ was the first born spiritually to God in the beginning and then 
later, when Christ came to earth, Christ was the only one privileged to be 
born of the flesh to God. So Christ was born in the beginning. I hope this 
answers your question.We do read the Bible most LDS students attend seminary where they study the 
scriptures for four years. I do not know your exact definition of the 
trinity in my experience I have found disagreement among Christians on what 
that is but I can say we believe in God the Father, his son Jesus Christ 
and the Holy Ghost. We believe that Christ will come again and each of us 
will stand to be judged of him according to our works and the desires of 
our heartI have been told that and I personally at this Current time Believe Mormons 
are not Christians but if you could convince me otherwise then I would be 
glad to accept them as Christians. If you don't Mind I have a few 
questions, 1st: Do you guys read the Bible? If so Both the New and Old 
Testament? 2nd: Do you Believe in the Trinity and also in Christ's second 
coming, the Day of Judgement and salvation? I mean no disrespect I just 
want to be acknowledge on your views. We are christians. Our name, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints, it testifies it. I testify. I have a testimony in this church, I 
know this church is true, I know that Joseph Smith was a Prophet, and I 
know that Thomas S. Monson is a prophet.Very important point.Is Christ sufficient?Elder Coleman's sisters were wearing the veils that women used to wear to 
Catholic Mass, right? Back in the day?@LillaDalaHast Any references? I mean specifically. My friends at school 
say we are not Christians, we are Mormons. They think a Mormon is 
completely different from a Christian. I am a teacher in the Aaronic 
Priesthood and they have no knowledge of the gospel whatsoever, so I guess 
my statement would be true: we are Christians, BUT we are members of the 
church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints!This is the most marvelous Christian church on earth. I have been to many 
churches and this one is the one with more spirit, more truth, more 
godliness, more of Christ than any other. It is absolutely ridiculous for 
anyone to say that Mormons are not Christians. If you read the Book of 
Mormon, you will know what I mean. It is full of Christ, just like the New 
Testament. Beautiful, powerful, and true.@Marv23able Because the authority was placed upon all who hold the 
priesthood by someone who has received the same authority back to Joseph 
Smith, who received it at the hands of Peter, James and John, who received 
it from the Savior!@Marv23able We beleive in the ministering of angels like in the the Bible, 
especially the new testament. In 1829 Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery 
received the priesthood from a ministering angel.I am a Mormon for many reasons. One I always felt that the god head was 
three different people but one in purpose because Jesus in the bible said 
his father, meaning other than himself. And he prayed to god and god 
answers him. And the Holy Ghost comes to him in a shape of a dove. I do not 
believe Jesus the only begotten was and or is a liar or a crazy man that 
could summon animals and do really good ventriloquism. I believe in him and 
I believe him.Our Heavenly Father and His Son, Jesus Christ, worked through a faithful 
young man named Joseph Smith to restore Their true Church upon the Earth. 
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is patterned after the 
structure of Christ's church when He was on the Earth. The Book of Mormon 
is another testament of Jesus Christ, in addition to the Bible. I am a 
member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and I am a 
Christian.Somebody is going to say: Mormons aren't Christian because their pastor 
told them so. They can't really think for themselves. They have a childish 
'teacher said so' mentality.@archuleta0823 we are all spirit children of our Father in Heaven. That is 
why we call Him Heavenly Father. But Jesus Christ is the Only Begotten in 
the Flesh - the only mortal (well, half-mortal) being on the earth whose 
earthly father was Heavenly Father. Does that help?@valu777 Of course we are! Jesus told Nicodemus that we had to be in order 
to get back to heaven (John 3: 1-5) We need to be baptized by immersion, 
and receive the gift of the Holy Ghost to be born again. And then, more 
importantly we have to accept that Jesus Christ IS our Savior, and rely on 
him. That means DOING the things he has asked of us: keep His commandments, 
go to church, serve and love others. Then, after all we can do, through his 
atonement we can be made perfect.@xIegionx I believe that everyone who truly accepts Jesus Christ as their 
Lord and Savior...is a Christian. And Jehovah is another name of Jesus 
Christ as like, Messiah, the Begotten... perhaps you're thinking Jehovah's 
Witnesses. If anyone doubts if "Mormons are Christian?", Please read or view Elder 
Jeffery R. Hollands remarks at our Semi Annual Conference back in October 
of 2007 under the title: The Only True God and Jesus Christ Whom He Hath 
Sent . Here is the link to read that address or to view by video online... 
it's only about 14 mins long. You are right. We different in some of the 
basic tenets of protestant beliefs. But if you define a christian as a 
person who believes in christ. Then christian? Yes!@guidedbythespirit my best response to your comment would be answered by 
Elder Jeffery R. Hollands remarks at our Semi Annual Conference back in 
October of 2007 under the title: The Only True God and Jesus Christ Whom He 
Hath Sent . Here is the link to read that address or to view by video 
online... it's only about 14 mins long. You are right. We different in some 
of the basic tenets of protestant beliefs. But if you define a christian as 
a person who believes in christ. Then christian? Yes!@hamolina While yes Joseph Smith is an important part in the restoration of 
our Church...Jesus Christ and God are the ones we worship. Feel free to go 
to Utah sometime and go to our Vistors Center and see the huge statue of 
Christ in the there. Read the Book of Mormon. Look over the Articles of 
Faith....And then see if you can say we're not Christians. @hamolina It's really unfortunate that you still believe we are not 
Christians. Joseph Smith was a prophet who was a messenger from Christ. We 
very frequently share the good news of salvation through Christ as well as 
the restoration. Yes we do share it through Joseph Smith because he 
followed Gods and Christs commandments to restore the true gospel. LDS are 
Christians. Our church is called "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints." Not "The Church of Joseph Smith of Latter Day Saints.Pastor Jeffress might be interested in this ;) It kills me his church is 
"the Church of Dallas" and he assumes the "Church of JESUS CHRIST of Latter 
Day Saints" isn't Christian. If someone had to chose between the two which 
sounds more Christian?@hamolina: You mention something that is 50-50. Yes, Joseph Smith is a 
prophet that we mention restored the gospel, but Christ started the church 
when he was upon earth. When the people of old killed the 12 disciples, the 
church was lost. The Book of Mormon mentions that Christ came to them so 
that they could become apart of his church. Then they were lost too. And 
Joseph Smith found and brought back the church.@hamolina Jesus is the High Preist. There were priests in biblical times 
that worked in the tabernacle and the temple. Didn't they believe in God 
and Jesus Christ? I am a member of this church, "The church of Jesus Christ of latter-day 
saints." I absolutely love this clip. I love the Gospel more than anything 
and I love the Savior, Jesus Christ. We are Christian and I am proud to say 
that I am.@hamolina Priesthood Holder. The Priest. It's different. The LDS Church 
does not SHARE anything through Joseph Smith. The Gospel and the True 
Church were restored through revelation that Joseph Smith had from Jesus 
Christ and our Heavenly Father. The Bible is the word of God and so is the 
Book Of Mormon. The BoM actually clarifies that Bible. It's true. 
mormon.org. I am a convert to the Church. Joined last year and couldn't be 
happier!!! @hamolina Yes, the Restoration is an integral part of the message which the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day-Saints proclaims--that Christ is our 
Lord and Savior, that through obedience to Him and His Gospel we may enjoy 
all of the blessings promised to the faithful. Through His Atoning 
sacrifice we may be cleansed of sin and become clean. The Restoration 
points to and supports but never surpasses the fact that Christ lives and 
that He atoned for us. I am a Christian, and I'm a Mormon.@23181329 Then be one :) I'm not a Latter-day Saint myself, but this video brought tears to my eyes. 
Thank you so much for it.@23181329 Why don't you become one?@smooretogo : Thru the Atonement of Jesus Christ the Saviour, and godly 
living i.e. "Be not mere hearers of the Word, but doers also". and 
obedience to the Lords commandments. Same as other Christians believe, at 
least those that have understood God's will and Word aright .@sensualfold : And whether we lived as God would have us live, as believers 
in His Son, the Saviour of righteousness and love. Anyone can profess to be 
a "Christian" or follower of Christ. But "ye shall know them by their 
fruits". I am a member of LDS too. @hamolina : Within the New Testament, it has been stated that each disciple 
of Christ is given the mantle to be a High Priest too, and to exercise the 
right to perform sacred duties such as pray for others, and to give 
blessings (channels of Christ's blessings) to others. @23181329 : You can become one (a MOrmon) if you wish to be. Contact 
mormon.org or lds.org and they can send you missionaries to your home or 
other suitable meeting place....@hamolina A Christian is a person who believes in and follows Christ. The 
Mormon religion is based on the spirit and love of Christ, they also follow 
his teachings. Simple as that.@megaead69 It may be hard to imagine, but the reason people join the LDS 
church is because of the power of the holy spirit. And I have felt that for 
myself, it is so profound. (coming for a 16 year old)@AllahConsciousness good :)I am a Latter-day Saint. I believe in Jesus Christ and His Gospel therefore 
I am a Christian. I'm happy I belong to His Church.@23181329 well, sometime I've felt that feeling too. but just because it 
looks nice doesn't make it true, though : /Homolina we do not depend on Joseph Smith for our salvation. We need Jesus 
Christ just as much as you do. Without his atonement we would all be lost.I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints. I know 
Christ lives and is my Savior, no one can take this witness from me. Some 
have derided me as a Christian but I know he lives, I have felt his 
influence and the peace which comes from his mercy and forgiveness. The 
Book of Mormon, The Prophet Joseph Smith and other witnesses all point to 
Christ, they testify of him and have led me to him. That is why I hold them 
in high esteem because they have brought me closer to him.The definition of a Christian is one who professes belief in Jesus as the 
Christ or follows the religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus. 
The members of the Chruch of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints are 
Christians in fact. Hence the name.I respect the conversion story of this man from Catholicism to Mormonism. 
The question of whether LDS are Christians was settled in the statement 
that every priest traces his priesthood to Jesus Christ (in the order of 
Mechelsidek). However, Christians do not consider themselves priests. The 
New Testament declares Jesus Christ our High Priest, the sacrifice, etc... 
Christians share the good news of salvation through Christ. LDS shares the 
restoration through J.Smith. LDS ARE NOT CHRISTIANS.@23181329 Go to mormon.org. Talk to a missionary, and if you truly do want 
to, then you will fill the spirit and get baptized.@smooretogo Through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, Baptism by immersion, 
The Gift of the Holy Ghost, and Fidelity to his Gospel for the rest of my 
life. The Atonement of Jesus Christ is sufficient for all, but only those 
who come unto Him with a broken heart and contrite spirit will enjoy all of 
the blessings he offers each one of his children. I think anyone who finds Jesus as a lord and savior is a christian. Even 
the JehovasI joined the church in 1993 and went inactive for 5 yrs during 2004-2009..I 
NEVER lost my testimony, this is how strongly i believe it to be the church 
of Christ. At times i wonder if i want to be known as a "Christian" for i 
have seen alot of hate come from the "Christian" sect at believers and 
non-believers. I believe on judgement day God will not ask us if we are 
Christian's, rather if we believe in his Son. @smooretogo We believe that sins are forgiven through the Atonement of 
Jesus Christ and repentance..@deadpalette Only Jesus Christ Himself can forgive sins. The way we do 
this, is we either Pray and ask for our sins, but if it is serious enough, 
such as fornication, we go to our Bishop. An LDS Bishop is much like a 
Catholic Priest in His ministry. Through the Bishop, we receive 
instruction, and through the power of discernment, we may receive 
forgiveness. We are not forgiven BY the Bishop, only through the Bishop.@smooretogo A Mormon's sins are forgiven through the blood of Jesus Christ. 
Jesus suffered in their place as a substitute for the Judgement upon them 
in the Atonement. To access His Atonement, one must repent of their sins 
and have them washed away through water Baptism. Having been cleansed of 
sin, they can receive His Spirit through the Gift of the Holy Ghost. Every 
Sunday they take the Sacrament (communion) to reapply that cleansing 
process made effective through baptism.@smooretogo repentance, its a remission of your sinsHe sounds sincere. I believe himQuestions for Mormons. How are your sins forgiven? "I would that ye should come unto Christ, who is the Holy One of Israel, 
and partake of his salvation, and the power of his redemption. Yea, come 
unto him, and offer your whole souls as an offering unto him, and continue 
in fasting and praying, and endure to the end; and as the Lord liveth ye 
will be saved." Joseph Smith JrMy story is very much the same as Elder Coleman. I have been searching for 
the Holy Priesthood since I was 10 years old. Now I hold that Priesthood 
and now understand more about the atonement and Heavenly Fathers plan for 
us.. My heart has changed and I can love more freely..whoever thinks mormons dont believe dont believe in christ, need i at least 
read the very from cover it even says the book of mormon another testimate 
of JESUS CHRIST. and the real name for the mormon church is : the church of 
JESUS CHRIST of latter day saints.@MrOmarr1991 no, they do not believe you have to be Mormon to attain 
salvation and be with Jesus. In fact, they are one of the very few 
Christian sects that believe even some non-Christians will be able to go to 
heaven. They think heaven and hell come after the resurrection, so before 
that, everyone goes to the spirit world, and there everyone gets a fair 
chance to learn the gospel of Jesus and accept it.@AllahConsciousness i absolutely love that you liked what he said but we do 
not practice Mormonism and you stated but we are Mormons that's what people 
call us. but we practice the love and faith of God and Jesus Christ. But 
furthermore we are LDS meaning we are Member's of the Church of Jesus 
Christ Of Latter Day Saints. And that is what we are is Latter Day Saints 
:) @AllahConsciousness I absolutely love that you liked what he said but we do 
not practice Mormonism and you stated but we are Mormons that's what people 
call us. but we practice the love and faith of God and Jesus Christ. @jacecrawford How true . @eppingmelb You can go to lds.org, or mormon.org and request one. You can 
also contact the local congregation and they can get you one as well. Just 
look up The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints in the phone book 
and call the number. @MrOmarr1991 Mormons believe that the only way to be saved is through faith 
in Jesus Christ, and repentance of one's sins. To be clean from our sins, 
we must be baptized by someone that has the authority to do so. This 
authority is called the priesthood and is always found in the true church 
of Jesus Christ. When the apostles of Christ were killed, the priesthood 
was taken from the earth, but was later restored in these last days. I know 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is true!Do Mormons believe that Mormonism is the only way to Jesus? from an Arabian 
Muslim@eppingmelb You can learn more about The Book of Mormon: Another Testament 
of Jesus Christ at mormon.org/book-of-mormon and request a free copy at 
mormon.org/free-book-of-mormon/ — Hope that helps!I just don't understand how anyone can dislike a video about a man who had 
an incredible spiritual experience to lead him to where he is today. Jesus 
IS the Christ :)God Bless You, You are a Beautiful Person! Your words are heart wrenching. 
I love you Lord Jesus. Where can I find a copy of this Mormon Book Please.Another amazing story of conversion, I to am a convert. I was a pentecostal 
since I was only a boy. But later in life I heard the spirit check me and 
question some of the things I heard over the pulpit. I came in contact with 
some very special people in my life (All of the Missionaries i spoke to off 
and on to for 5years!) I have now been a member since Feb16, 2008 and I 
have never found a more complete Gospel anywhere than in The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.amen@Vultigzor Aman to that!This church is truly center on the Savior. I feel so FORTUNATE to be part 
of this church. I met the missionaries when I was 9 years old. Took them to 
my home to meet my family We all were baptized!! My older bro was baptized 
right after I finished my mission in Chile. The church is true. There is no 
doubt.