This video is so powerful, I can feel the spirit when I saw.﻿Love this﻿A great message and so true! :)﻿beautiful insight!!﻿In the talk this comes from he finishes the story about the dress by saying 
"The three most loving words you and say to someone are; 'I love you' and 
the four most caring words you can say to someone you love are; 'We can't 
afford it'."i love this video i'm mormonYes, but the tithing paid helped another who did not have food to eat, so 
which is more important, the dress or helping another who is experiencing 
difficulty. You obviously don't understand the purpose of tithing.very surprise that the washington post sent me here... Of course, perhaps without tithing you could've afforded that dress. Guess 
you'll never know.Is there anyway to download this? I want to share in a lessonI needed this more than anyone. Funny my wife did the same thing to me when 
we were first married, and quite a few times since... but sadly I didn't 
see it the same way. Like always I missed the boat and swam for it, caught 
it and fell overboard... a lot. I plan to watch this video prior to every 
major purchase from now on. 1:08 "When ever we want to experience or posses something that will impact 
us or our resources we may want to ask ourselves 'Is this benefit temporary 
or will it be of eternal value and significance?'". Im glad I caught that.Great Video and Message for me to live by. Please take heed and utilize Elder Hales advice. Great message and wise counsel to hearken and obey.I was afraid to watch this one, because I am so irresponsible with money, 
but I felt like I needed to watch it. At the end, when Elder Hales quotes 
the Savior...it frees my mind and helps provide me with direction I've 
sought for years. These videos are such a blessing. I hope others, not just 
members of the church, are seeing these videos.this is such a good video! it helped me to understand and remember more 
about what is really important in this life and how we should put our 
priorities first...I recently read in Alma that we should be content with what the Lord has 
allotted us, which for me is so more than I am deserving of. Since then I 
have remembered that passage as I consider things I would like to have. 
After seeing this video, it is even more deeply pressed into my spirit of 
the truth of this great counsel. We are truly blessed to have prophets and 
inspired leaders in our day.If we are not content with what we have now, we never will be, no matter 
what we will have.Thank you, Elder Hales, for that insightful and timely message. I am 
grateful for inspired men of God who teach truth and exemplify a life spent 
following the Savior. I know that the Father of all of us would want us to 
live providently and "not spend money on that which is of no worth."@trondbarth very touching, god is all we really need.i havent been to church in a long time, thinking about it. grew up a 
baptist. larry- florida- searching.I needed that so bad.Dear sir; What will you do if you find that the return of Jesus will happen 
in the next few years?I love tfi video,i am a member of the church,and this messages its very 
inspirations,i lovethe church and the beatiful messages.I from Brazil,and i 
am a son of god!!!;-) Perfect example !!!The Church is true...I am proud of your decision, it takes great discipline to be a good stuart, 
GOD BLESS YOU in your good wisdom and great discernment !!! That is the 
only way i have known how to grow is through making choices like this in 
life!! :)God will bless us though if we tithe. We don't need to feel poor. The more 
you give to him, the more you will be blessed by him. Just ask and you 
shall recieve. Jesus wants you to live your life to the full.I am Catholic and this message is something that all denominations can 
benefit from. It is a simple lesson yet a very important one that all of us 
should think about it carefully. Thanks!awesome message!!!this is something i struggle with. the wisdom in the message is extremely 
important. it seems more so the past few years now that times are tough. 
instant gratification, rarely, if ever, brings happinessWhy have we lost such wisdom? Women are more likely to want to buy more and 
more stuff these days... thankfully to the Gospel we can repent and return 
to the Lord's ways.My favorite talk from that session of conference!!!It's like a spiritual version of SNL's skit "Don't buy stuff you cannot 
afford". Not too complex...but unfortunately a lost message these 
days...even in our government.Beautiful message. Something I definitely needed to hear. Thank you for 
posting. :)This is such a simple, but important message. If only more couples and 
families would follow this counsel, it would save them a world of worry and 
trouble.This is great. I absolutely love the messages of the Church. But does this 
mean i should take back my new Blur LT?!I kind of wish you had included the second half of his story about the fur 
coat and how his wife taught him they didn't need it...but I can see how 
that deviated a little from the directness of the message you wanted to 
show here. Thanks, though. Such an important message in today's world!Awesome message. Thanks for putting this together!I love this story!! After the first time of hearing this story, I always 
ask myself, "do I really need it?" when I make big purchasing decisions.Thanks for this message. I think most people need to reflect more on their 
spiritual situation. The world is in a total chaos.We got to stand a little 
taller. Think twice before buying something that is apparently nonessential.A great reminder!Great message.Thank you :) This message really made me smile.I like this. You won't have a need for a fancy car or fancy clothes or any 
other material things of the world in the afterlife, but we can provide 
what we need for our families and give charitably to others in need. If we 
do these thing with our money, we will have a helping hand in building the 
kingdom of God, and we will receive a LOT of hugs in the afterlife. Let us 
try to look at life through Heavens view. If we do, life will have so much 
more meaning and will bring so much more joy.