I was sad and devastated I had to leave my church after years being a 
member . I see know GOD my loving father had a plan and destiny I found the 
restored church and true church  I love you my new found truth and loving 
church  the church of JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER DAY SAINTS  THANK YOU FATHER 
AND JESUS is precious son and savior  I know this church is true and JOSEPH 
SMITH was a true prophet and that president THOMAS S MONSON IS OUR TRUE 
PROPHET﻿I've found that the spirit shows me truths this way. A fleck of feeling 
here and there. Sometimes a grand nugget of overwhelming sensation but for 
the most part, a small whisper. Flannel, how could you proclaim this with such absolute certainty? Surely, 
you do not know with any true degree of certainty at all that "God is not 
real." By it's very nature, you can't!It was actually a nugget of fools-gold. A fitting analogy! :)Remi, you don't understand. We DO believe that we are all sinners and are 
in need of Jesus blood to wash sin away. Our faith leads to our works. One 
can't have true faiths without works, or true works without faith. They are 
two halves to a whole. By our Temples and sacrament, we remind ourselves of 
our faith in Christ. It is not as if we are adding things for salvation 
except that which Jesus Christ has already said. In other words, you 
misunderstand how we feel about these things! :)Without Jesus Christ, the ordinances and the temple are of no effect. 
Inasmuch as Jesus Christ has paid the price of sin, He has laid the way for 
us, commanding us to be baptized and receive all the ordinances of 
salvation, administered by His Holy priesthood. So, we can't be saved 
without Him, and He has told us how to receive that salvation. (Also, the 
Watchtower has nothing to do with the LDS church. That's the Jehovah's 
Witnesses.) This always makes me cry I love it!! Beautiful chairty♡Do you not know that God always speaks through the voice of his prophets. 
It is the in quiet and still voice which few in the world will hear let 
alone listen to. John 15:18 If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me 
before it hated you.19 If ye were of the world, the world would love his 
own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the 
world, therefore the world hateth you.This is not the gospel of Jesus Christ. The gospel says that we are all 
sinners and are in need of Jesus blood to wash sin away. The Bible teaches 
something different; all my good works are as filthy rags and Eph 2:8-9 
says that it is "not by works lest any man should boast". You must accept 
Jesus ONLY, because He says I am the Way the Truth and the Life and no man 
comes unto the Father but by Jesus. You cannot add the LDS temple, nor the 
sacraments nor the Watchtower or anything for salvation.I love this video. I have a pretty good channel and the only videos i keep 
up from recently watched are from Mormon Messages.Pretty sure that was pyrite, as he didn't ever seem concerned about it.how wonderful to know our little acts of service are like flecks of Gold 
building up tresure in heavenWonder who gave him that gold nugget he had the whole video...But may be that's the job he loved. In which case he already had the 
"better job". I agree. There are many things that would rule us and we must reject such 
things. At the same time I need to remind myself not to let me ego rule me! Late in life Karl Jung, who was Sigmund Freud's star student, was asked if 
he believed in "the Here After". The old man, then in his 80s, looked at 
his young inquisitor and replied; "No, young man, I do not believe in the 
here after. I KNOW IT!" Perhaps in time, Mr. Stall, you too will come to 
this knowledge. Until such time be of good heart. Just haters. Good people recognize good and enjoy it, no matter its 
presenter, for all good originates from God. But those who serve a 
different master, whether they know of their service or not, despise any 
good that they deem comes from the "wrong" source.Searching beyond the mark. Those things of greatest value sometimes take 
the longest time to aquire or at least fully appreciate, like our 
experiencesLove this storyShaycarl.thumbs up if shay brought you here!god blessThis is awesome :) GOD IS NOT REAL, JUST SAYING FOR THOSE OF YOU THAT ARE BLIND.shaycarl watched this shaytards SHAY SENT ME HEREfirst This video represents serving and helping others over a lifespan. Life is 
long, at the end of it, you ARE old.i wish i could watch these videos all day!!!!!(even during school)173 
dislikes y would ANYONE dislike this?It was the patient accumulation that brought him wealth. He did not say 
that he only got wealthy when he got old. When we watch near the ending of 
this video, we can tell that he is wise and experienced by the way he 
teaches the younger man. Patience is a great thing to learn. I LOVE this Video!!!! A definite Favorite!!!But the guy was so old by the time he got rich, he might as well have found 
a better job.Dude that guys my seminary teacher....... COOL! While I don't believe in god, this is true. I really like this video :)@abrown2986 157 people probably came here thinking this was gonna be a 
chuck norris videoWhy all the dislikes? Odd Hyrum! I am Catholic, yet I loved this video and the message. Honor Jesus Christ 
through helping others. Thank you for having this captioned. I really enjoyed watching. :)@SirGabriel2076 "While many interpret the Bible to make God subjective, the 
Bible itself says that God only respects those who obey the Golden Rule." 
Well, that's a nice thought, but I bet you wouldn't like it if some 
powerful group told you that you couldn't marry the person you loved 
because of some belief they had. It's none of their business, but they stop 
you anyway. Wouldn't that be terrible? How would you feel? That breaks the 
golden rule, doesn't it?@DeusUniversa10 just out of curiosity..what freedoms?@ilikesuzuki These videos provide life learning messages that are provided 
by the LDS (Mormon) church to learn life long lessons to help us become 
better people. There are at least a hundred videos that the church has put 
out that are similar to this video.@DeusUniversa10 Agreed my friend.I remember this story from conference, can't wait for general conference! :D@DeusUniversa10... From an Apostle of the Lord "The gospel of Jesus Christ 
is not an obligation, it is a pathway marked by our loving father in 
heaven, leading to happiness and peace in this life, and glory and 
inexpressible fulfillment in the life to come. The gospel is a light that 
penetrates mortality and illuminates the way before us.I love this video.As Elder Ballard had said our small acts of kindness will 
accumulate to become bigger and bigger. In every small things, great things 
shall come to pass.@DeusUniversa10 I have to agree.Love these videos, but I also love the freedom I have as an atheist. This actor is a Seminary teacher at my school!!!@ilikesuzuki Mormons believe in God. The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints has a prophet and apostles that are the mouthpieces of 
God here on earth. I know that if we listen to their counsel, we will be 
able to follow God.Interesting. This is indeed quite so interesting. I watched this all the 
way from beginning to end. @GCrow12 why is the so misleading, Mormon Message so, this is just Mormon 
message, not God? @bebegurl31291 this is wonderful praise the lord for his blessingslet us be greatfulI'm so glad that we truly have apostles and prophets guiding us through 
messages like these, I cringe to think where I would be without the gospel.I really liked it! They have gold panning at the Mormon Battalion museum in 
San Diego and this reminded me of it. I really liked this video. Thank you. this was Heaven sent.thank you for posting another great message. @SugarFreeTargets This channel is here to spread the gospel of Jesus 
through wonderful little messages like this one, and to bring as all closer 
to Christ by reminding us that He still calls prophets today just like in 
the times of the bible :)when I am feeling down like today,it is a blessing to have these videos to 
reflect upon. Thank You for posting them:)Let us be grateful for the smaller and simpler things...Why is there a mormon channel?these beautiful videos always make me want to be a better person :")Great stuff! As always :) Good bless you allBeautiful video! Thank you for posting. I needed this reminder today.