This set of videos has been very helpful in teaching my children about the 
gospel. Although it is narrated paintings, even my five-year-old watches it 
and can now recount the stories. We have made this series a Sunday 
afternoon tradition.﻿where is the golden book now????I hear you, but when my father, decended from the hand cart saints, married 
a mexican/irish woman, my mother, his family was horrified, they even told 
me and my brothers we would go to the "mexican heaven" and it was a shame 
we wouldn't be with the other cousins. Tell me that is just rogue mormons, 
not doctrinal, when Brigham Young said blacks, if they maid it to heaven, 
would only be there as servants, I could go on, but the "prophets" set it 
out like this, hope your fair and don't block this.How 'bout that book of abraham, post a video about that. Reformed Egyptian. 1Nephi 1:2 :"Yea, I make a record in the language of my father, which 
consists of the learning of the Jews and the language of the Egyptians."i love my mormon friendThis video shows Joseph reading the plates on display in front of the man 
writing them to paper. I thought he wasn't allowed to let him see them and 
kept them hidden while he read them out.Wow. I was thinking the same thing. So many people of faith are so harsh 
and judgmental but these people seem so kind and understanding. When I told 
my Baptist grandmother I was doubting God all she said was "Well you better 
figure it out soon or you'll burn in hell forever and Satan will take your 
soul!". This statement lead me to many years of Atheism because I was 
convinced that if God were true my grandmother would have a kinder heart. 
However my Morman friend was very loving and listened.You know your right, I did a video comparing Islam to Mormonism (it's not 
very good) but I found that while most Muslims get PO'd over things like 
drawings labelled Mohamet, Mormons tend to just be polite when I point out 
conventional scientific wisdom points to Native Americans Originating in 
Asia 14,000 years ago. That's why I can offer cups of coffee to my Mormon 
friends and still be able to call them friends!Yaaay! Now I don't have to actually read the Book!Like any story intended for children, these scripture stories are a much 
simpler version. These have been great to show my kids.I believe it was a mixture of Hebrew and Egyptian.@Synth3t1cs I feel the same way. So.... What language was it in originally?I have been very critical of the origins of Mormonism. However, some of the 
nicest people I have ever known were Mormons. These were truly generous, 
kind, and decent people. I have come to the hard conclusion that no matter 
how I feel about the origins of the faith, the Mormon people themselves are 
mostly decent folks, deserving of respect and friendship. After all, its 
easy to put any religion on trial. Its the quality of your character that 
truly matters. @ST4leave That is a great question and I urge you to consider it further. 
What reason have we to believe that Joseph's account is true?@wodinvalhalla Book of Mormon Series. This is part 1 of 54. If you have 
signed in, you should be able to see the remaining chapters at the bottom 
of your screen. :)@ST4leave I'm no expert but it seems to me from my Strongs dictionary and 
my Greek bible that the word translated into "only begotten son" is 
actually one word which means ‘only’. So, keeping that in mind and looking 
at the arrangements of the other words, another translation of John 1: 18 
could be: God, no one has seen ever, only (except) he hath explained 
(declared or born witness off) God, the one being in the bosom of the 
Father. I don't have the credentials to translate that, though. @bigevilcorporation They laughed at him because they thought he was crazy. 
No one believed in visions from God anymore at that time.Chapter 1 of what ... A manual? Is this video part of a series? If so, 
where do I find the remainder? OdinNo man hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son, which is in the 
bosom of the Father, he hath declared him. so how did god and the son come 
about to him in his sight. Genesis 12:7 And the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed 
will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the LORD, who 
appeared unto him. Amos 9:1 I saw the Lord standing upon the altar: and he 
said, smite the lintel of the door, that the posts may shake. There are 
many other references in the bible about prophets that saw the lord in the 
spirit and in the flesh and after his resurrection. The scripture you are 
talking about has reference to the natural man.@dilliedawg The Savior did not condemn those who believed these things but 
the teachings themselves.@mypeace00 WowI have found that the Book of Mormon is a great resource to help me 
understand spiritual things. The LDS church is okay too, but without the 
Book of Mormon to refer to, it would be totally lost.1 Timothy 6:15 (Joseph Smith Translation) Which in his times he shall show, 
who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of 
lords, to whom be honor and power everlasting; Whom no man hath seen, nor 
can see, unto whom no man can approach, only he who hath the light and the 
hope of immortality dwelling in him.1 Timothy 6:15 He who is the blessed and only Sovereign, the King of kings 
and Lord of lords, who alone possesses immortality and dwells in 
unapproachable light, whom no man has seen or can see. To Him be honor and 
eternal dominion! Amen. This is cool. 