Hmm, I'm from Akron too my Brother... what schools did you attend and where 
did you play throughout your, forgive me, "able" years? We may have sweat 
together! God Bless﻿Someone I love dearly has this missing piece and I have no clue how to 
share it with them I know it will bring them happiness but how do you bring 
someone so close to you to the light if they think the church is so wrong?﻿the great healer completes the puzzle and will bring sight to those seek HimWhat an inspiring example of humility this man is. Did you ever have a conversation with the missionaries?We don't know what tests we will face. What next piece of life's story will 
be put in place.But what we do know is that blessings will come. If we seek 
to know what the Lord would that we become. I love to hear you say that too! These videos are a great place for new 
members to come together and share our stories. "And when ye shall receive 
these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, 
in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask 
with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will 
manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost" As it is 
said here in Moroni 10:4 I know this church to be true.Hey man. You found it. Way to go Dude!! You most certainly can, I myself and working though the Book of Mormon and 
coming closer to Christ.Jesus Christ lives, and the Book of Mormon is Real. The people in the Book 
of Mormon is . I may not see Jesus or the people in the Book of Mormon. 
It's like being part of there lives. Once you start to read the Book of 
Mormon, you will feel the love of our savior. He does love each one us. I 
know this church is true. are you a mormon now?Go to church and get baptized :) 3:28 "you can take as much time as you need. I'll be patient and wait for 
you"Thank you for your story Brother Miles.I can think of a few missionaries that might be willing to help... ;)amazing video :)@lulipeke7 you're sooo sweet!!!I love the optimism, a ray of light in an increasingly dark world. The best 
is yet to come. Its true, that will not change . @lulipeke7 so be one :)@lulipeke7 i love that you say that. i want to be mormon too. i decided on 
december 9th of this year that i was going to get baptized into the mormon 
church. my baptism is on january 8th. i love this church and i know that 
it's the truth. i hope you pursue your desire to become a member of the 
church of jesus christ of latter day saints. it will change your life and 
make you happier than you have ever been. i promise. The Gospel is true. I too was given a second chance and on May 22 2010 I 
was baptized in the Christ's true church. I <3 being Mormon :)@lulipeke7 to u and all those who liked ur comment find missionaries they 
will help u become mormon and u can have this peaceThe trials of life aren’t always easy but if you face it with a positive 
attitude and faith in your loving Heavenly Father you can grow in some 
amazing ways, that can help you for all eternity. My name is Julio Soler & I am a Mormon : )-@lulipeke7 Thats wonderful! if you visit Mormon.org you can ask for a copy 
of the book of mormon and the missionaries will come to see you! Good luck 
on you journey to where ever it may take you. I know if you join the Church 
it will bring you great blessings! I have been a member 3 years and I can 
honestly say its the best thing I have ever done in my life! God Bless you! Some men will seek irony in life, when they shouldn't, but the truth is-God 
and religion was never a crutch. It was the balm and strength of life, that 
some wouldn't see.@lulipeke7 yess do it you will never regret it being Mormon has saved my 
life more then once A lot of wise statements here. Love this messages.@lulipeke7 Thissis great!!!You can start now,enter in a church site,look 
the churchs in your area.I am a brazilian member,be a mormon is the best 
thing than you can do in your life.Good luck!I love Mormonism"My relationship with Jesus Christ changed. Everything he did for me was to 
enrich my life." Beautiful.I love being a young girl that goes to the LDS Church. :) Love them 
Mormons!!!!!the best and the worse is about to come...im more afraid for the worst just 
thinking about it makes me regret i ever existed sometimes...all of it is 
intense I love living in an enviornment of peace. And though my family has had many 
downfalls and mandy trials, we continue to look towards god. Not a day goes 
by where I don't thank him for all I have. and Never have I questioned Gods 
Will, and neither has my mother. She has found out she had Cancer, an she 
will be going through Chemo for the next few months....I haven't heard her 
complain about God once. She knows she will be ok. I'm Austin Swink, I'm an 
Artist, A son, 14 years old, and Im a Mormon.@lulipeke7 follow the spirit! and You will be guided towards the church :)One of my favorites. Really so good honest and real story. Through the 
editing and music - I really felt drawn into the story. Such an inspiration.all ways a tear in my eye after these videos@lulipeke7 well the time is now my freind I love these messages, whenever I'm having a hard time or a hard day I 
always watch one of these messages and it always lift my spirits! Keep them 
coming!@lulipeke7 Call the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in your 
area. They will send Missionaries to talk to you.@lulipeke7 If you would like to visit a LDS church in your neck of the 
woods or talk to Mormon missionaries go to mormon(dot)org The site is 
really easy to use; the Missionaries and/or Mormons in your neighborhood 
would be happy to meet you!the church is treu and the book is blue , stay blessed ...=)@lulipeke7 visit mormon.org and get in touch with the missionaries. They 
can walk you through all of the steps necessary and teach you the gospel 
plan.Can you please put subtitles? :))lulipeke, you can be!@lulipeke7 - Do u really? You could have da missionaries come to your 
house??@lulipeke7 Go to lds.org for more information. I think you will find a lot 
of information that can be useful. You can also call 1-888-537-7700 for 
more information.subtitle please!!!!!!The Gospel of Jesus Christ does bring peace. "O sweet the joy this sentence 
gives. I know that my Redeemer lives!"Great message. Clear perspective on life and what is really important.@Eschneck04 What Schneck is this? Bro Miles is a great man!@TheGuinever These videos are really good. The are filmed and produced by 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, I got to know Stacy really 
well and the puzzle thing is something he talked about often. He is a great 
man and i feel blessed to know him. Stacey Miles is an inspiration to all those around him, I am lucky to say I 
know him personally.@kojakstar Since I first met Stacey Miles I have been trying to be more 
like him. he has got some big shoes to fill. He is a great man. Keep 
striving Kojakstar its all worth it. :) I don't know who is doing these videos, but they have been CONSISTENTLY 
GREAT !!!! When I'm in a big hurry in the morning I can sit down for a FEW 
minutes and listen to/watch these videos, and, as a result, have a better 
day. I'm grateful for this brilliant and inspired use of technology. In 
this video, the puzzle piece analogy is so right ! Sometimes I DO put a 
piece in the wrong place, but through the gift of repentance, I can pull 
that piece out and put it where it really belongs!thank youThank you.He has a warm smile.I really wanna be a mormon.Beautiful!!! Very inspiring. Everyone who was touched by this video, i 
challenge you all to share it with your friends, member and non member.I love how frequently these amazing messages are being posted! Thank you!!I <3 being mormon!!Thank you for the inspiring message. I´m actually an LDS myself. My 
challenge is that its so easy for me to take Jesus for granted at times. I 
really want to strive to be more like Stacey. I need to get my focus back. I loved it.... simply loved it.what a great message. my heart goes out to you brotherthank you for your testimony of Christ and His Gospel..I love jesus christ, forever and ever, he is my best friendi like this story it made me cry i don't know whyAwesome video!!!!"Everything He did for me was to enrich me life" well said, with great 
understandingwonderful video. :) it helps to see the big picture. thank you.My puzzle is still missing pieces and I don't think I know where they are. 
You have a great advantage, a friend. Suffering from injuries and having 
Parkinson's is my hardship and apparently you are a better man than I. I 
have been a member all my life and have nothing but pain and adversity all 
my life. Maybe I will find my missing my piece someday.Wow very humbling. Such a large and majestic athlete, moving across the 
screen on crutches, but moving more sure of his direction then EVER before 
in his life!