Someone wrote  "just because I'm a non believer does not mean I've lost all 
sense of morality."

I shared with him this video which tells us that Father has given a gift to 
each one of His children, regardless of their relationship with Him.﻿This is so true, scientifically - darkness is only the lack of light, it's 
no actual force by itself, unlike light.﻿I do not believe that tolerance of a false belief is of God. God clearly 
states he cannot tolerate sin with the LEAST degree of allowance. It is a 
misconception to believe we must tolerate false beliefs. We must actually 
warn our neighbor as the scriptures tell us to do.God is the Father of your divine spirit. You are His child and you are 
loved infinitely by Him, no matter your attitude towards Him. I want you to 
know that I know that He lives and He will forever love you. I only pray 
that at some point in your life, you will allow His love to penetrate your 
heart. Please don't feel like I am patronizing you or being condescending. 
I know it's hard to accept the reality of something we can't see with our 
eyes, but I know He truly is there with all my heart.Tolerance of others' beliefs requires strength and is a central tenant of 
religious philosophy.For the night is dark and full of terrors everything that is good, is coming from God... If you think about it, where 
did we get this knowledge to be a good person? If we have to go back all of 
the generations in the past have the knowledge of good and evil and with 
that knowledge it was passed down to us. They know God, and they believe. 
Of course not all of them, but most of them.You could simply add them all to their own playlist and put it on 
auto-play. That'd give you your results - or close to it. Religion; for people who are too weak to handle reality.really like the mini series concept ... good quality , nice balance between 
teachings and examples , nice editing ... should make more of those Love all three videos--could you do a version with them all together? this is (i cant think of a word to say here, something along the lines of 
Amazing) videoI agree I in no way need any god to be a good person or to love and care 
for my fellow man. I completely agree with you. In every way possible. Conscience or the light of Christ is an innate human trait and has the 
intrinsic attribute of light. So yes, it's natural thing for any man to do 
good. However, your innate light is not the Sun. It's more like a 
lamplight. You need to feed oil constantly to lighten up your lamp. Yet 
it's always better to replace your lamp with better lightning devices. 
Furthermore, it's best if you has the Sun shining your day. The perfect 
brightness of the Sun is Jesus Christ, the Son of God.Oobibun3, don't you realize that not everyone would help like you did? It 
is not just human nature. Have you never heard of people standing around as 
someone gets killed? I have heard things similar to that a few times. I 
know that God puts inside every one of us the Light of Christ, and if 
people fail to do those nice things, then it diminishes. If it were human 
nature, then it would not diminish, there has to be something else.Just amazing!Oobibun3, I can see what you mean and to an extent what you say makes 
sense. My thought is how were you even in that situation to help that 
person? The bible says that God created everyone and animals too, and that 
he makes the sun rise on everyone whether they are good or bad. I believe 
that God lets use choose to act however we want to. @zac the point of this video is not to tell you that you cannot be a gods 
person without God but rather you are a good person because you are his 
son. I appreciate your comment as they are not far from my own sentiments 
in times passed. Pray and ask God and He will answer you.I'm confused as to where he said that..?Who or what gives you the desire to be good? What is the source of that 
desire?We as members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints aren't 
saying that only people that believe in God are good, but what we are 
saying is much like what you are saying it is human nature to want to be 
good and to help others. We believe that it is in our nature because we are 
all children of a Heavenly Father. The decent and charitable nature that we 
possess is evidence to me that He lives.I don't believe in God and he doesn't guide my life in any way. You don't 
need Christ or God to make you a good (or better) person. I just helped a 
man in a car wreck right in front of my house yesterday, and God had 
nothing to do with my decision. It's human nature to help one another, just 
like it's an animals nature to help those of the same kind. Sorry to crash 
this video's meaning, but it's just my thought.Thank you for your opinions!!! I'm so grateful for replying my question.I'm 
grateful for there're many good people in this church all over the world. 
I'll be on my mission this Octorber:) Sorry for my English.I'm not good at 
English.See you on YouTube after 2years later!! Then I will question 
again!! Please give me your opinions,if you like. Thank you for your 
kindness!!Thank you for your love!!Thank you for your willingness!! My 
favorite scripture is 2Ne25:26.Thank you!!The Holy Ghost is a revelator, testifier, and purifier in that it: 1. 
Reveals gospel and eternal principles. It is known to reveal the "truth" of 
all things. 2. Testifies of the reality of the existence of God the Father, 
Jesus Christ, and the Gospel Plan. 3. Purifies our spirits of sin and 
evilness as we submit to the will of father and repent of our 
transgressions. everyone from the time they are born has the light of christ in them it 
slowly diminishes as we leave the path of god the holy ghost is somthing 
that we have with us as we do right and not with us as we ignore the word 
of god From my perspective, the influence of the Holy Ghost is that prompting to 
act. The light of Christ is the action upon that prompting that will show 
how we have taken to heart the teachings of Christ and seek to emulate Him 
in our lives. Through such a combination of actions (the Holy Ghost 
prompting us, the decision to act and the resulting radiating of 
Christ-like love from our actions), the Light of Christ is shared with 
others so that they can recognize and feel His love.The Holy Ghost is a divine being--a personage of spirit. The Light of Chris 
is an influence as a result of Jesus Christ. Does that make sense?yes they are different. the Holy Ghost is comforter and testifies of truth. 
you may feel the promptings of the spirit when receiving revelation. the 
light of Christ on the other hand is like a known conscience in are head. 
when we observe to keep the commandments be like Christ doing the right 
things such as service for example we receive more of his light. thus more 
of his influence is in use and then we have more of a since of right and 
wrong and the acts of it.The difference between the Light of Christ and the influence of the Holy 
Ghost is hard to explain. For me the Light of Christ is something we are 
all born with and feel always. The influence of the Holy Ghost is similar 
but more special and powerful, for it is not a reaction to do good but a 
prompting to know what to do, and it is ALWAYS GOOD. I think of the Light of Christ like my conscience. Every person has it and 
it helps us instinctively know right from wrong. The Holy Ghost is an 
actual person, but one that exists only as a spirit. He is a messenger from 
God. Because he has a spiritual body and no physical body, he can visit us 
personally, in our hearts. He testifies of truth (for example, the truth of 
the gospel). More info: go on lds.org, search "True to the faith", click on 
the manual, read Holy Ghost and Light of Christ.Anybody know how to download videos like this from youtube you can use at 
church etc? An outstanding video of the highest caliber. The doctrine is clearly taught 
by a master teacher! I love all the visuals and subtle music - they work so 
well together to help 'tell' this. Thanks again Mormon Messages.What is the deference between influence of Holy Ghost and of light of 
Christ?Are they defferent? Wonderful and True! I love the plain teachings of Christ's doctrine!BeautifulLooking forward to part II and III.Elder Bednar is just amazing at explaining doctrine. I know that what Elder Bednar says in this video, is True. Excellent video! Well put together and very impactful. Even more important 
is that it is true!I love the Prophets and Apostles. They are teaching from experience as well 
as by the power of the Holy Ghost. When we follow them and apply their 
teachings we will be blessed. I know I am happy when I follow their 
counsel. 