God's Word Never Cease A Special Preaching of God Word.﻿Bold and Firm in his Faith, yet humbed whenever he Speaks of the Savior in 
love and reverence!  A Man Called of God! What a blessing it is to members 
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints to be instructed by such 
a righteous Priesthood holder.  What a blessing his calling is to the 
Nations!﻿A wonderful Apostle of Jesus Christ, A Special Witness of him who sent him 
JESUS THE CHRIST. This I know to be true. JOSEPH SMITH, Prophet of the 
restoration of The Gospel of JESUS CHRIST, In these the last days, restored 
that which was lost through apostasy. History tells this story of the evil 
that was done in the name of Christ through the apostate church. The 
reformers new it and tried to set things straight. But without a Prophet 
called by God with the keys to administer his Church, well meaning men 
splintered into hundreds of churches, teaching the precepts of men. I am so 
greatful for the truth that has been restored through the prophet of GOD, 
JOSEPH SMITH. And the conformation of that truth is only a sincere prayer 
away. For any true seeker of truth. I testify in the name of JESUS CHRIST, 
that I know this to be true.﻿To fault the Book of Mormon because of that verse in Revelations, is to 
fault the New Testament because of Deuteronomy 4:2 which reads " Ye shall 
not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought 
from it" If it was literal and meant God could no longer speak his will, 
then the New Testament would be false. Also with revelations it says if any 
shall add or take away "from the prophecy of this book" which New testament 
is made of many books and epistles from the apostles.The Book of Revelation declares that nothing should add or subtract from 
IT, namely, the Book of Revelation, and particularly, the revelations 
contained therein. The Gospel of John was written many years after the Book 
of Revelation. By your logic, it shouldn't have been included. Furthermore, 
the Bible was compiled, by men, about 400 AD, and the added and removed 
whatever they saw fit, based on votes by Intellectuals, not Theologians. Omin, I assure you that God answers your prayers. He may not answer to you 
in voice or in person, but he sends his spirit, the holy ghost, to be with 
you whenever you need guidance. The lord sends his blessings every day in 
ways that only can be found if you live worthily to receive these 
blessings. If you have faith in him and believe in him he will answer. 
~James 1:5but we did not add or subtract from the bible, god did. He revealed the 
book of mormon to Joseph Smith in these latter days when he sent the angel 
Moroni to visit him and commanded Joseph to translate another testament of 
Jesus Christ into our English language. We will always accept the Bible to 
be the Word of God, but we also believe the Book of Mormon to be the Word 
of God.But the book of mormon doesn't coincide with the New Testament... 
Everything was revealed in the New Testament. Jesus birth, Death and 
resurrection.... Islam and JW's claim to have another testament also...The 
Bible declares in the Book of Revelation that no one should add or subtract 
from the Word of God, which is the Bible!God is great.... he changed my life from being a wretch to a son of God.. I 
am amazed how He changed my character that even I am facing so many 
difficulties in my studies right now (financially).. Im still faithful that 
He will help me overcome all of this... God's word.. is the best 
inspiration and motivation I have... :)@Esteban1530blg I know you asked for prayers 10 months ago, but I know that 
addictions are long, hard battles. I will pray for you.@Esteban1530blg I will pray for you. I'm not just saying that to make you 
feel better, I really mean that tonight I'm going to include you in my 
prayers. I know exactly what addiction feels like - it might not be the 
same as yours, but it's an addiction all the same. Good luck, and know that 
you're in my thoughts. :)@ChristianAmerican 2 Thessalonians 2:1-3 1Now we beseech you, brethren, by 
the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto 
him, 2That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by 
spirit, nor by word, nor by bletter as from us, as that the day of Christ 
is at hand. 3Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not 
come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be 
revealed, the son of perdition;@ChristianAmerican "I testify that the heavens are open I testify that the 
presence of such authorized prophetic voices and ongoing canonized 
revelations have been at the heart of the Christian message whenever the 
authorized ministry of Christ has been on the earth." I don't think he 
thinks anyone should be denied of sharing the gospel, but meant that 
prophetic revelations only come with authorized apostles and prophets. You 
may disagree but for clarity, Mormons believed there was an apostasy.@Esteban1530blg you need to trust in the strength He can give you, have 
faith in Him that all is for a purpose and that all is revealed when we 
have faith in Him :)whoever reads this... im in need of prayer badly... all im asking is 
prayer...please...i need liberation.... im facing addiction...nd i need 
liberation from it... i need prayer..... please pray... in the name of 
Jesus christ...my God... my name is Esteban Estrada... please.. just a 
prayer.... pray that God liberates me from my addiction.. thank you.. and 
God bless youI love jesus :D God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He spoke to His children in 
day of old. He still speaks to us and He will continue to speak as long as 
we have need of Him.Whenever I hear one of the apostles speak, I get a feeling of peace and 
overwhelming joy.Really one of the best testimonies of the Church! Thanks so much for 
posting it!I testify of the Truthfullness of what Elder Holland said." Man's greates power lies in the power of prayer" N HIllSo there are two versions of this video, one with captions for the deaf, 
and one WITHOUT captions? But why? I'm sorry, I think that may make it 
harder for the Deaf members and nonmembers to search for captioned ones or 
to know which video has captions or not. :/ Otherwise, you've been doing 
great with captioned videos so far.^_^ <3John assured us that we have all that we need to know about gaining eternal 
life. John 20:30-31 "And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence 
of his disciples, which are not written in this book: But these are 
written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; 
and that believing ye might have life through his name." Also, Jesus 
promised, Matthew 24:35 "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words 
shall not pass away."And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they 
should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not 
contain the books that should be written. Amen. John 21:25I love how plain, how bold this message is. Anyone listening cannot 
misunderstand what he is saying: if they continue to believe in lies after 
this message, they do so KNOWING that they are lies. Love you, Elder 
Holland! I love your simplicity and boldness, so that anyone can understand 
the Church's doctrines.amazing video. i have been depressed for almost 2 weeks for various reasons 
and this really helped me. thank youThank you so much for putting these videos up. They're lovely to come 
across on the internet, and I hope they touch as many as watch them. ^^3 Ne 28:1-9i have a question if Jesus Christ says that if u go to heaven you will 
leave in peace what does that mean? what do people do in heaven? btw 5 
stars for the video" I say unto you there are those now living - aye, some here present- who 
shall live to read the records of the Lost Tribes of Israel, which shall be 
made one with the record of the Jews, or the Holy Bible, and record of the 
Nephites, or the Book of Mormon, even as the lord hath predicted; and those 
records . . . shall tell of the visit of the resurrected Christ, . . . 
after He had manifested Himself to the Nephites upon this continent. " 
James E. Talmage, 87th Gen. Conf. October 8, 1916.thank youI love Elder Hollands talks, he's a very spiritually led man, just like all 
our other apostles.Book of Mormon is Another Testament of Jesus ChristAMENNot that I know! I've seen some pretty sad comments from critics of the 
Church. I believe that only those who are profane, vulgar or offensive are 
taken out but offensive defined as comments that use innappropriate 
language or are plain disrespectful of the Lord or other commentators. The 
Church and its members welcome opposite points of view although tolerance 
doesn't include acceptance. I've been member of the LDS CHurch since 1976.Test... Are these comments being screened?Good for you.Elder Holland has shared so eloquently the greatest message of all time. I 
am happy to share his testimony and his beliefs. May all take the 
opportunity to come unto Christ and be perfected in Him.nicely said you the man i love jesus and god !!!!!!!This has made me even more excited to hear the prophets and apostles speak 
next week at General Conference. I wouldn't miss it for the world!YES, YES and YES!!! Thank you Elder Jeffery R. Holland. It makes so much 
sence. Why can't the world see it. God is the same yesterday, today and 
forever, why wouldn't he speak through prophets today?!? He does!!!It is always wonderful to hear an Apostle speak. And Elder Holland is one 
of my 12 favorites to hear speak lol. I hope someday I can be half the 
servant of Heavenly father that he is.A Must-Read is Elder Holland's Testimony at the conclusion of "Christ and 
the New Covenant." It made me very happy and proud that I felt the SAME Way 
as a guy that's an Apostle! When we believe in the Book of Mormon, we are 
in GREAT Company! That's comforting sometimes.Wow, a message that can change the world! Well said, Elder Jeffrey R. 
Holland - True Apostle of the Lord, Jesus Christ!Why would any believing Christian not want to learn even more about Jesus 
Christ? God's words never cease!i love that testimony shared by Elder Holland. I know the President Thomas 
S. Monson is our living prophet and he speaks with GOD. I am grateful the 
we have our living prophet today.im a mormon and we are humans and we go throught tough times also but we 
can always count on the LordHIS words are true. The Bible and Book of Morman are true scripture.i am grateful for Elder Holland's testimony on the principle of continuous 
revelation. I can feel the power of his words. I know that he is indeed 
called of God. Similarly, our prophet Pres. Thomas S. Monson is divinely 
appointed to receive revelations for the church.Well said. God is the same yesterday, today and tomorrow. He loves and 
cares for us now just as he always has, and that will never change.this makes so much senseElder Holland is truly an inspired man.Mormons love the word of God.