I am so thankful for this temple, and for the opportunity for me to be able 
to participate in the temple's cultural celebration! My parents and I toured the Brigham City Temple last week. It was amazing. 
My forebearers settled in Brigham City and mother's father attended and 
later taught at the school that stood on what is now the temple grounds. It 
was a powerfully spiritual experience. I cannot tell you how much I love your comment.What a wonderful experience I had going through the temple with my 
family!!! Every room was so beautiful and all the special symbolism 
throughout was amazing!!! I can't wait to go through once again after it is 
dedicated!!!!! wowGoing through the temple was a wonderful experience, all the rooms were 
magnificent!!! and I did feel closer to God and feel peace inside my heart. 
So glad I went!!!Oh my gosh I used to live in Brigham city actually a block away from where 
the temple is!! So crazy to think and know there is a temple there!! SO 
EXCITING!!thank you and this is beautiful - I am so wanting to go and see this - to 
soak in the peace and the tranquility and the ability to have my family for 
eternity.WOW.... The temple is Beautiful Excited to go & show grandchildren! I am inviting deaf family members and I 
note that the captioning to this video is not accurate in English. Can this 
be corrected?Wow! They built that really quick! It looks beautiful.OkWho'd have thought I'd be homesick for dumpy old Brigham City? Looked like the Disney Castle, very nice architecture. I cannot wait to visit! So excited! The Lord's Church that isLooks very nice and I go to the Oakland temple in Ca! Being a member of The 
Lord's is truly one of the greatest blessings i have in my lifeI cant wait to visit :-)TEMPLES are gift from GODThey got THAT guy to do the narration of this video... classic.So excited to have this Temple in our community. Can't wait to see the rest 
of it next month. COME AND SEE!!!Wow. Love it.what a priveledgeits beautiful. just like the rest!I will be there!!!I can't wait!  HEAVENLY FATHER THANK YOU FOR LETTING US TO HAVE TEMPLES! My name is Slava 
I am from Russia and I am a Mormon!;))I love going to the temple. I feel so close to God. If I could be anywhere 
right now I would go to the temple and prey to our heavenly father and 
enjoy his house in peace and harmony with him and those I love. Love being 
a Latter-Day Saint!Beautiful temple