I really love this song 😍﻿she sounds like Carrie Underwood a little!﻿I had an opportunity to be apart of this magic music video! it was so 
amazing!﻿I had an opportunity to be apart of this magic music video! it was so 
amazing!﻿Loved it﻿This has always been my favorite hymn.  It reflects who I am.  Now I am 
married to a wonderful Nigerian man and to be able to have him see this 
wonderful song the way Alex does it and the comments Alex makes before the 
song is truly a missionary discussion wrapped up in melody.﻿i love this song more then anything﻿ataahua tenei waiata, love this song                                       
                                   he ataahua hoki nga kupu, a beautifull 
message﻿The actual video begins at 2:44 if you guys want to skip the intro :)﻿This version of this song was so uplifting to me and inspired me to want to 
go and do more for others.  I am so grateful for others who have such great 
talents for music and are willing to share it with others.  Thank you so 
much!﻿LOVELOVELOVE LOOVVVEEEE IT!!!  :D﻿Have I Done Any Good?﻿This is one of my favourite LDS Hymns, and love this expression by Alex and 
Carmen.  Very inspiring!﻿This is awesome﻿Truly a God inspired song! Let the Body of Christ spread no matter what 
faith or religion. God bless this Church and any Church that spreads the 
Gospel of Love.﻿Alex boye u request ya make a song about love﻿Alex boye my fav song from u is lemonade ﻿One of my favorite songs.  If you don't want to watch it all, skip the 
beginning and go straight to the song!  I love their variation. ﻿Oh boy, I absolutely loved this song. The harmony, the words and music 
brought happiness to my soul. How bless we are to have been given talents 
that we can share with the world.﻿The song is sooooo beauitful please make more  music my favorites!!﻿Bless the Lord, you His angels, you mighty ones who do His 
commandments,hearkening to the voice of His word. Are not the angels all 
ministering spirits(servants) sent out in the service [of God for the 
assistance] of those who are to inherit salvation?﻿Hope you enjoy this as much as I did.﻿mY most favorite song ! thank you alex and carmen! and everyone who did 
this video! all of your work for this video was not in vain with me i 
absolutely love it! ﻿I love this song I like to sing it in the shower when I am getting ready 
for work.﻿nice video,, i'm looking forward for the next music video brother alex and 
sister carmen.. doing good is a pleasure!!!!I loved the song!! Beautiful!music video starts at 2:40"And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always 
having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work" 2 Cor 
9:8Thank You so inspiringThanks! I found it^^It touches my heart every time when I heard this choir.Zion's Choir from San Jose, California :)You can find it by searching "Have I Done Any Good? Official Music Video 
ft. Alex Boye & Carmen Rasmusen Herbert "Wonderful! Maravilhoso!GreatCool rendition.I love it, their talent is amazing! I will definitely share this one! Loved this...inspiring, fun, uplifting, motivating. it makes me think about 
what can I do to make someones day a little brighter.....I think I will do 
something now! Thanks Challenge Accepted. That would be 6 times. Yup, I am THAT bored right now :PThis is a great version of this song. I love the message of diversity 
working together for a common good. I think a variety scenes depicting 
various types of service would have sent a more powerful message. Overall, 
I love it! As for those who are making immature remarks.......it's too bad, 
perhaps we can play those lyrics again. :-) Love ya! I love this song, and I appreciate the time, talent, & work that went into 
making this music video. I was in Vermont after Hurricane Irene & witnessed 
many young people (in their yellow Helping Hands shirts) give up their 
Saturdays, week after week, to shovel muck out of people's basements and 
homes. Their efforts were a blessing to so many families! This video should 
inspire us all to help others. I see no reason to find fault. Thank you for 
a job well done! I dare someone to count how many times Carmen puts her hands on her heart. Really? The message of this hymn is to serve others. When you are in the 
service of others, you are in the service of the Lord your God. Please tell 
me you understand THAT message? Whether or not Mr, Boye wears a scarf or 
traditional African neck piece does not matter one bit. In doing service you are praising the Lord Jesus Christ, you are following 
in his footsteps. .. .Matthew 25:40 40 And the King shall answer and say 
unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of 
the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me. Is this not praise 
unto God, the highest praise? Psalms 69:30 30 I will praise the name of God 
with a song, and will magnify him with thanksgiving. "...Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, 
ye have done it unto me." (Matthew 25:40) What better way to praise Jesus 
than to teach His word through music and example?you guys are full of surprises!! :D2:43 Is where the actual song starts :PAlright, I'm an atheist, but I'll admit it. This look pretty cool.To just hear the song put this video in a playlist and go into the list of 
songs and click edit start times and make this video start when the song 
does. It should just be 2 separate videos, the music video and the making of this is really nice.. =)this is cool Good observation and where is the Praise of the LORD JESUS ? beautifulI really enjoyed this song. They made this song sound sooo good!!! I met him! :) he is a REALLY GOOD GUY! I sang with him as well! :DAbsolutely beautiful! i like all of their accessories and talents! very nicely doneAwesome!That was amazing. I've never heard that song sound better. :) I loved it!!!!really nice video.....I wanna sing this song in sacrament meeting :DAmazing talents and together even better Thanks for the great video.Wonderful...Great song. I was disappointed that the dialogue talked about people coming 
together with a purpose of doing good, and then miracles happen, only to 
find the video just showed volunteers raking. The video was very low scope 
and kind of a let down.@2:39This is the most beautiful, up lifting music video that has been done, not 
only of a hymn, but the message. You have really out done yourselves. I 
love it. I am addicted to it, not only as a musician, but as a church 
member. THANK YOU You wanna feel good about life, then watch this video. this is awesome Excellent! Nice! I just love this video. Great job! Incredible! I FEEL it! Comment of the year. I personally don't like the music video, its pretty awful, but I like the 
song. :)sensational-- spectacular I like how I can listen to a heavy beat song when I am in that mood but 
still be uplifted with this song.Very enjoyable song. Who is the arranger? Is it David Zabrieskie?How come they're just singing, when everyone else is doing all the work?Alma 3:9Adoro a música e os arranjos, só acho que eles deveriam aparecer menos no 
video e mostrar mais as pessoas com o colete da igreja, servindo e 
ajudando...This is a really neat video and the singers are fantastic, it is nice to 
hear hymns being used to promote goodness in this world in this manner