I love you Jesus Christ i am so grateful for your atoning sacrifice so i 
can be forgiven of my sins and return home to thee i know that Jesus Christ 
lives!﻿I love you Jesus!! Thank you for all you have done for me and the world!!! 
I love you more than anyone!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️﻿watched it again just now... wowww!   what a beautiful portrayal  of our 
Lord in Gethsemane.  What especially touches me now that I saw it again., 
is the part where Peter cuts off the highpriest guard's ear,   and Jesus 
heals him,.. then looks over to Peter and says, "should I not drink the cup 
the Father has given me?"   ..   the actor who portrays Jesus in this 
really must have prayed beforehand..﻿Thanks for the videos they help a lot in preparing for a primary lesson﻿The Lord felt sorrowful
In every sense of the word
It was so horrible
Yet no more from Him was heard

He went off by Himself
And sought the Father in prayer
For there was no one else
Who knew His sorrow felt there!

I teared up reading all the synonyms for sorrowful. He felt them all and at 
once!﻿What a powerful video. I will be showing this in my Gospel Doctrine class 
so they can FEEL the spirit of this video.﻿Doesn't Simon pegg play Jesus?﻿Happy Easter from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints...

As we study the Four Gospels consecutively, we may know that they all tell 
the same story from four different perspectives. Each one, however, 
emphasizes specific chapters of the story of Jesus more than the other 
three.

As for this suffering, Matthew, Mark, and Luke only briefly mention the 
suffering of Gethsemane in a matter of short verses, but the Testimony of 
John, written to Christians who already know the basics of Jesus' life, 
gives a full chapter on the Great Intercessory Prayer, and that chapter 
number is 17.﻿Jesus, the son of God,﻿May Jesus truly become the Christ and Savior of the Latter day Saints .

Jesus Saves﻿Inspiring, touching. Jesus is the Christ...﻿Matthew 11:28﻿Isaiah 53:3﻿I belong to no denomination and am not a Mormon, but I have to say that 
this depiction was reverently and beautifully done and  gives honor to our 
Lord.    Thanks for uploading this for us all.   No matter what 
denomination or lack of denomination we belong to, He is still our Savior, 
and died for all of us.   It is through HIM that we are   united as one 
spiritual Body.
love
lisa﻿I'm not into the miracles and things like that .But i believe that 
spiritual suffering is very real...﻿Jesus, please just turn the dirty water into clean water.This video was made by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 
(Mormons). I hope this answers your question.i was just wondering who made this. if anyone can help me please reply. In the Garden of Gethsemane With naught a soul around Of the disciples, He 
took but three To the wine press... without a sound He being sorrowful, 
nigh unto death Went a little further and fell on His face To the Father He 
prayed with agonizing breath Asking the cup to pass, though this the time 
and placeNevertheless, God did not intervene Jesus submitted and did not cower Then 
to Peter and the sons of Zebedee He asked, "Could ye not watch with me one 
hour?" "Watch and pray," He warned to advise That they not enter into 
temptation But they could not escape from the sleep in their eyes And He 
went back to His lonely stationFor the second time, He prayed that the cup might pass Nevertheless, 
painfully... bitterly... He did drink Then back to His disciples, what more 
could He ask? Jesus went away... to the Father's will, He did not shrink 
Then a third time He saw the apostles asleep as before In the garden that 
for Him offered no rest He suffered, knowingly, blood escaping each pore 
That in our trials and infirmities, He might know... to blessEnduring all that is dark, crazed, and sinister He suffered more than any 
could know Quietly an angel came to administer That the love of a Father 
could overflow To a fresh stream He dropped and knelt He dipped His hands 
and washed His wearied face Soon to return to his friends as terrible as He 
felt For Judas would come, knowing of the placeYes, the hour was at hand And He was betrayed The kiss His to withstand The 
torn ear to be stayed The scapegoat was tied Stained with all of our sins 
To be unfairly tried And suffer once againthe atonement the main event of the live of jesus and every men Actually, if you pay attention, you can see the stream is tinged red with 
blood that He's washing off.The passion could.He's so humble, its hurts to see him suffer. It makes me cry. It makes me cry what Our Savior went through .... I love Him and I honor 
Him  go to lds.org bible video's there isn't a movie but lots of different 
scenarios from the scriptures There is only one Jesus. Nowhere in the Bible is Gethsemane or a garden referred to as the the place 
of atonement. Take up your cross and follow Him.is this a movie?..what is the titleI would like to quote John Groberg and say: "There is a connection between 
Heaven and Earth. Finding that connection makes everything, including 
death, meaningful. Not finding it makes everything, including life, 
meaningless." That connection is possible only because of our Heavenly 
Father's plan, which plan was made effectual and given purpose, meaning, 
and life because of and through the atoning sacrifice of the Son of God, 
our Brother, Jesus Christ.The atoment of Jesus wasn't at the garden of Gethsemane but on the cross. 
He's an eternal uncreated God.I am eternally grateful... It's not a movie, they are a collection of short videos about the life and 
ministry of Christ extracted from the Holy Bible. You can download them for 
free at lds.org/bible-videos/They are not being subtracted. Just enjoy the video and be grateful you 
know those passages by heart.Courage of all mankind cannot compare to the courage of Jesus. Praise the 
lord. good stuff!Can you imagine that he lived a totally sinless life for 33 years......I 
can't even go 33 minutes without messing up! The proof that He did is that 
the human race is still going on!What about this part???? Luke 22:44 And being in anguish, he prayed more 
earnestly, and his sweat was like drops of blood falling to the ground. And 
also : Luke 52&53 They should not be subtracted from what is written. 
Praise Jesus. Amen Can you imagine? I believe that no acting, no matter how good, can come 
close to depicting what Jesus Christ did for me & for all! I am so grateful 
for His infinite Atonement!On this day in Christian history, known as Maundy, or Holy Thursday, Christ 
began his dissent below all things. He began the Atonment by suffering in 
Gethsemane and taking upon himself all of our sins, suffering beyond 
comprehension. Let us remember all that Christ did for us and let Easter be 
more than just a day of pastel colors. Before he could conquer death, he 
had to face it. Let us all remember.Which Jesus is this about?It's not actually a movie. The LDS Church recently started making a series 
of short videos depicting the life of Jesus Christ, and this is one of 
those videos. If you want to watch the others you can find them here on 
youtube under MormonMessages, or you can also find them on LDS.org.I don't believe the entire movie is out yet. But we get to see scenes as 
they come out. This one is my favoriteIt is not a movie. It is a series of vignettes from the life of the Savior. 
You can watch them here on the Church's YouTube channel or on the Church's 
website.He didn't loose him but I agree it would be beyond understanding having to 
watch as my sun went through it. The LDS church has just made little clips of the life of the Savior. There 
is no full movie just small parts from birth to death and so on. If you 
want to see all of them go to the Mormonmesssages and look at them each at 
a time. But I'll tell you now there is no made up dialogue. It's meant to 
be seen and experience in reverence of the it really was.The Church is currently putting out a lot of Bible videos, but they are not 
connected into one. They are more of a library of events depicted in this 
format. Later, many will likely be used to make full length videos. I think that these clips were designed for the internet. As far as I know, 
there isn't a feature film as of yet. I wish there was!I am so grateful for what Jesus Christ has done for me! This video portrays 
Christ's sacrifice so personally! I loved the body language and the facial 
expressions. I loved there was no music and that it had several moments of 
silence -- gives time to ponder and for the Holy Spirit to whisper truth. I 
know Jesus Christ is the Savior of the world! A very tender moment in the life of the Saviour where he atones for our 
sins is beautifully portrayed.What's the name of this movie, i want to watch it complete. Thank youThis is a great depiction of the Savior's patience with man and humility 
towards the Father. I reverence His name. He suffered for our sins (Isaiah 
53:3-5).Thank you for this videoCan you even imagine having to do this? Can you imagine losing your son 
like this? Thank you, Jesus, for your sacrifice, for your many blessings, 
answered prayers and most of all your forgiveness. By your grace and mercy 
I have been saved and I can't wait to see you one day!This was awesome!!His willingness to do His Father's will shows his love form us and for His 
Father.