Beautiful hymm.So divine﻿Of so many hymns that I love and cherish, this too Hyrum, is my favorite 
hymn.  This is such a beautiful, soothing, yet powerful rendition done by 
an extraordinary choir--we are so lucky to have them do it so well for 
us.  Qué Dios, Nuestro Señor, les bendiga a Uds.  It further motivates me 
to live my remaining days on this earth with as much love and respect for 
my fellow man as possible.﻿Is there a kind understanding bishop out there or anyone who can help. I'm 
gay and have acted upon my weaknesses so many times. I know I need to 
confess..but when and if I do..what will happen? Its so unfortunate that I 
just met with my stake President and a wonderful opportunity was presented 
to me but I've never confessed my sins...I'm really sad and depressed and 
feel I will disappoint a lot of people and possibly hurt them..most of all 
I feel like I will never be forgiven by Heavenly Father and I will be cast 
into darkness forever...I'm so sad and depressed...Help me..anyone...please﻿This is my favourite hymn. When I hear this hymn it reminds me that there 
are some things that through the saviour, only heavenly father can do. It 
brings me tears because at points in my life I have tried to live selfishly 
and do my own thing. But this song is a song of humility and when people 
humble themselves and let Jesus Christ help them they will be healed and be 
able to be happy. It happened to me and it can happen to anyone. I have 
come to know who the Saviour is through repentance and humility and that is 
my testimony.﻿I know my Heavenly Parents knows I need them 24/7, Jesus Christ, and God 
The Holy Ghost, I sin every day, I need their forgiveness, I'm a member of 
(The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day-Saints.)﻿I think I need the Tabernacle Choir "every hour" as well.﻿Song Lyrics (http://lyrics2worship.com/i-need-thee-don-moen/)

I need thee
I need thee every hour
Most gracious Lord
No tender voice like thine
Can peace afford

I need thee, oh, I need thee
Every hour I need thee
O bless me now, my Saviour
I come to thee

I need thee every hour
In joy or pain
Come quickly and abide
Or life is in vain

I need thee, oh, I need thee
Every hour I need thee
O bless me now, my Saviour
I come to thee﻿Sou de Porto Alegre -Rio Grande do Sul - Brasil. Lindíssimo e maravilho 
Este Coral de mias de 200 vozes. Que inspiração Divina. Cada vez que escuto 
sinto uma Paz em meu coração. Parabéns e continuem na Paz e Luz de DEUS.﻿Why do they have a fake organ façade in the background?﻿The problems of the world seem to melt away.﻿Thanks so much for this choir, I get inspired  each time when I listen you.﻿Beautiful,﻿I'm just so glad I'm in the true church﻿Doothless...In 1993, I vacationed in Salt Lake. During my time there, I 
visited Mormon Tabernacle, and had the honor of sitting in on one of their 
rehearsals. It literally blew me away...I will cherish that moment in time.﻿Beautiful and so amazing & uplifting! I have always loved, I know that my 
redeemer lives & 
I am a child of God!!! Love the choir so much! Yes, I am LDS & proud of it! 
God bless us all! <3﻿Beautiful arrangement....fabulous tenor section!﻿Very lovely.﻿how do people dislike this?﻿I'm not Mormon. I'm not even Christian, but this is still always moving to 
me. The universality of art, I guess.You all are the best. Always tasteful, always musical, always Spiritual, 
and I enjoy Mack Wilberg's arrangements. I have enjoyed your broadcasts 
since I was a child in southern Oklahoma. I had the great pleasure of 
seeing you on your tour through Oklahoma in Norman. Wanna see me play the 
organ and piano? Well search for yamaho5 :-) great performance. who arrange this hymn? how to get the music sheet? 
please....need help because i need the score. thank youBeautiful beautiful singing but if we sing like this and miss heaven then 
our condition is pitiful. Let every man take the words of this song in 
heart wrenching prayer to God; asking mercy for self and our generation. It 
is time to humble ourselves and become as little children; castoff 
professional/educational achievement, position, title, appearance of 
holiness and ask God show us his true way. Let us not allow the inventions 
and rebellion of prior generations to cause us to miss heaven.Bellissima interpretazione che colpisce il cuore.This is my favorite hymn. Every time I hear it, I feel close to the Savior. 
I feel my need for the Savior's embracing arms "every hour", every time I 
listen to it. Thank you for up loading such a beautiful blessing.“He has made everything beautiful in its time; also He has put eternity 
into man’s mind, yet so that he cannot find out what God has done from the 
beginning to the end.” - Ecclesiastes 3:11