2 Nephi 4:28 "Awake, my soul! No longer droop in sin. Rejoice, O my heart, 
and give place no more for the enemy of my soul."﻿Fantastic. Thank you for sharing this.﻿Does anyone know the song that's played in this video? Such an excellent 
composition.This is so meaningful to me this video uplifts me as a youth. I love thee 
very much my savior Jesus ChristIt's a touching video, and well done. This scenario can and does happen to 
#pornaddicts.I love how it show's how each choice will end up, see we have the right to 
free choice but not to choose the consequence of our choices, this video 
conveys this message.I know you posted this a year ago, but I feel I have to reply. For starters 
because pornography is not reality. It is fantasy. It has been 
psychologically proven to be an unhealthy coping strategy, and has shown to 
be more addictive than cocaine. but more importantly, because there are 
women out there who deserve so much more. They're not objects, they have 
feelings and it hurts them so deeply. when you engage in pornography you 
take something from your future spouse.Gosh, I absolutely adore Holland's talks. He takes such a straightforward 
approach, speaking in a manner, "I'm giving you nothing more or less than 
truth, so act upon that truth." Come learn more: mormon.org It will change your life forever.This is Elder Holland. :o“Place No More for the Enemy of My Soul,” April 2010, Jeffry R. HollandIf you plan on having the family, children and the rest it would be wise to 
avoid the vise now. You will be a better person for it and will naturally 
attract a better, more mature person. Remember, you become what you 
practice being. Also, once you see, read, hear something it cannot be 
unseen, unread or unheard... For your own sake and the sake of those you 
love and will love, stay clean. You won't regret it.Haha true to your nameBest video ever...It is not neccesarily about the topic of this matter but the message we get 
from this. It is of the utmost importance to watch your step so that ye may 
stand in holy places. Through Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ we can 
return and come back. we must at all costs realize this or our hope, will 
be ultimately shattered, as will others.I love this video! I know the principles taught in this video are true.watch your stepI love these videos. I think the Mormons have something to teach the rest 
of us when it comes to leading a virtuous life.Bold and true."Place No More for the Enemy of My Soul". It's from April 2010."Place No More for the Enemy of My Soul" from April 2010I remember my sophomore year had so many problems with this, but thanks to 
the atonement it helped me come back.(Completely agree, but it was David, not Solomon.)This is such an important message. This is a very SERIOUS MATTER. To any 
who have fallen victim to this new drug know that there is a way to be 
freed for this addiction. It is through Jesus Christ The Savior of the 
World. My name is Tony Loch and I'm a Mormon.What is the name of this talk by Pres. Holland? “Now my son, I would that ye should repent and forsake your sins, and go 
no more after the lusts of your eyes, but cross yourself in all these 
things; for except ye do this ye can in nowise inherit the kingdom of God.” 
--Alma 39:9It's like Solomon and Bath-Sheba. The sin wasn't in seeing, it was in 
continuing to look and to lust.I can tell you that pornography promotes selfishness. Just like the video 
shows. It also promotes degradation of women. Meaning you will start to 
think that women are there just for your pleasures. They are not good for 
anything else. Also, pray to find what is wrong with pornography. As you 
pray, your eyes will be open, and you will start to see/feel why 
pornography/masturbation is wrong. I think you are assuming the wife is throwing the man out. I think the man 
is leaving on his own despite the love and support of his family. I can't 
imagine someone throwing their husband out and the wife standing on the 
porch looking like that. The point of the video is simple. Subject yourself 
to negative influences, it can drag you down. The choices we make don't 
affect just ourselves. Pornography is viewed in private and nobody knows or 
is hurt. That is the lie we are intended to believe. They should make another vid like this@a113dean I agree! I believe when the Joseph Smith said to "seek ye after 
righteousness" that he had knowledge that in the future you would have to 
SEEK after the good because you are going to be surrounded by bad, living 
in enemy territory. It can almost be promised that everyone will be exposed 
to some form of pornography and it matters what you do when you are put in 
that situation.@dstrbdxxxprncess GOOD! you don't have to be mormon to watch these videos. 
Hope your life is blessed with these inspired videos.@KnoxvilleSkeptic It's not going to happen if you SEE it necessarily. It's 
if you decide to let yourself see it and let it rule your life."By small and simple things are great things brought to pass...:@eascao That isn't necessarily what it is saying. It is a warning to not 
become involved with pornography because it could turn out like this. It is 
an admonition to avoid it, and these kinds of things often have two 
effects, but that is what happens and is sometimes neccesary @KnoxvilleSkeptic who cares how often it happens this is heart breaking if 
it has ever happened to anyone!@knoxvilleskeptic Stuff like this happens. I think not all the same but 
very similar. We don't know it because it's all private and behind the 
curtains. I haven't heard one event like this on the news have you?I don't follow the chain events here... Man sees "pornography" on laptop, 
Man becomes obsessed and ignores his children and wife, Man dresses creepy 
and takes a walk, Wife grows cold and distant, Wife throws man out of house 
and Man drives off and leaves his crying daughters. Is that what you're 
saying? Are we to assume then that men who see "pornography" will 
eventually leave their children? I've never seen this in real life. How 
often does it happen in Utah?It kills me in the very beginning as the daughter runs to the edge of the 
porch begging the dad not to go. The love needed is there. But for what 
ever reason, a lack of desire or willingness to overcome the dangerous 
effects of pornography addiction are not.@eascao What this video also misses is that men are not the only ones that 
can become addicted to porn. We had a Sunday School lesson on the dangers 
and one woman just went on and on about what she would do if her husband 
ever watched porn. I felt sorry for the guy because he would never feel 
like he could admit to it. Porn is an addiction and like any other 
addiction can be overcome. The road is hard. But, there has to be a strong 
support and a willingness by all to overcome.@trader1667 I would have to disagree. I am a priesthood holder who had an 
addiction to pornography. we can reconcile from viewing porn. but with 
different circumstances comes different repentance needs. when I was 
getting over my addiction I held the aronic priesthood. that with held me 
from going on a mission when I wanted to.However the consequences were not 
nearly as bad as a Melchizedek priesthood holder's with the same problem 
would be. but it can still be done.@kaoc71 Correct. Absolutely agree. I joined the church late in life and had developed many bad habits. As I 
was involved in them, some seemed even OK. Not a problem. But as I moved 
more toward the light away from selfish acts, and lust certainly is one of 
them, I became a better man, husband, and father. Actually, it wasn't until 
I joined the church that I became those things. If you're involved in the 
unsavory, try praying to overcome, and as you move away, the realization of 
how bad they were will become evident. @haircutbob2 Read the scriptures, they'll show you why it is wrong, not 
only for married people but for young, singles, adults, male and female. 
Ether 12:4, I got my patriarchal blessings when I was 16, I lost many 
blessings, revelations, I lost growth in the most important aspects of my 
life, only because I was doing, what I thought at that moment, what I 
consider moderation. Be careful. God is a perfect God D & C 1:31After 7 years participating of this sin & addiction, finally I see myself 
free from it. Tears, deceptions, courage, blessings, countless prayers and 
fastings, scripture study, pain and more I've passed during my recovery. 
It's worthy. I feel no more inclination to do it, I feel strengthened. It's 
the result of getting closer to my Savior, help from the bishop, my friend, 
and my efforts. If you think you can't overcome this, don't believe 
yourself, it's a total lie. It is possible. Start today.A Priesthood holder just can not reconcile viewing porn with the covenants 
he has made when he received the Priesthood.@haircutbob2 I would agree with you that it can be overwhelming as an 
adolescent. It may even relieve stress at the time. But it is similar to 
excessive debt; it relieves immediate stress, but will cause so much more 
later in life, that you can look back and always wonder, "Why did I do 
that?". yaygo no cussing club cos thats what life is about, respecting the lord jesus 
christI am not mormon, but I keep watching your videos because they have such 
strong, meaningful messages.I want that good story this example tempt or confronted marriage and church.I can honestly say that this video is exactly what I needed to see. I am 
having problems with pornography and seeing and reading the comments on 
this video have given me a sense to what damage it can truly cause. At 
first it seems harmless but soon you find yourself using it more and more 
frequently until you realize that you are addicted.@haircutbob2 In response to your question I think the thing to remember 
here is you are creating the future you everyday. The habits and thoughts 
you entertain stay with you and can become deeply etched into ones 
character. Pornography becomes addictive and often leads one to places one 
never saw ahead of them. Someday you may have children and living for them 
today will bless them, and you now and into your future.@haircutbob2 Remember you came from a woman, no mother would like to see 
her son enjoying such material. You are better than that, if the dirty 
thoughts overwhelm you, try going outside, sing a song, call a friend. Try 
to keep your mind focused on something positive, pornography will destroy 
your will, and will affect your relationship with your future spouse... 
never let it take you over, true happiness comes from serving others, porn 
only leads to selfishness ..@haircutbob2 it degrades women and pollutes the minds of men. It completely 
perverts the purpose of sexual intercourse and makes a mockery of God's 
powers of procreation. There are two things God takes very seriously and 
that is the power to give and take away life. Pornography is also intensely 
addictive. It's one of Satan's greatest tools in enslaving us. It provides 
momentary satisfaction but long-term misery. too me its the same thing that happens to everybody but most of them turn 
away the more and more you get addicted the more you lose your spirtual 
strength and looking at people more differently and most people lose there 
virginityBeyond powerful@haircutbob2 ok so i was gonna reply saying how its addicting and cant 
effect u in the future, bla bla bla. but i saw that like 100 other ppl 
already said that. all i'll is that pornography would only cause even more 
'dirty' thoughtsand if we are addicts now, who says it will be as easy to say no on that 
day we decide to start a family. Think about it.well, trust me, anyone who is planning on starting a family will not be 
able to make the same choose to leave pornagrophy, seeing as how the 
addiction is greater than that of any drug. All I'm saying is give yourself 
the freedom to use your agency freely, as you were intended to, becoming an 
addict means we no longer have our agency, it becomes almost impossible to 
say no@haircutbob2 I am an adolescent, but to tell you the truth its gross. When 
I get married if my husband were to watch or look at "dirty" things I would 
be hurt. Am I not good enough for you? Would be in the back of my head. 
There are many other way to relieve your stress. It can affect your future 
family, your wife not liking it and ur children. I would lose some respect 
fom my parents if I saw them looking at that stuff. It turns into a habit 
and its not a good one. I hope this helped :)@haircutbob2 Yes we adolescents are tempted with "Dirty" thoughts, but as 
you can see....dont think of you as a spouse but as a child to that family. 
Being cought with pornography can and will tear your family apart, and 
worst of all tear the spirit and the very soul right out of you. 
Pornography is a "Secretive" thing,As Satan, is he is very secret and 
mysterious. Realize that Pornography is a terrible sin, and of corse is 
very tempting but as you dwell with the spirt, you'll learn to turn away@haircutbob2 why don;t you have a bible study? might take your mind off it 
given time.@haircutbob2 I understand your concern but what about when you do end up 
having a family? Will you be able to stop cold turkey? It is true that 
there should be moderation but the church says to stay away from alcohol, 
drugs, pornography etc because our minds our wired to struggle with, "when 
is enough?" Perhaps one cup of wine isn't that bad for you (although, you 
can get the same positive health benefits by drinking grape juice) but it's 
the fact that we, as humans, justify everything.@haircutbob2 I see your point. I saw your point when I was 16, I saw it at 
21, at 27 when I got married, and now at 31 with a 6 month old baby. Habits 
are hard to break so don't start.@cordov00 AKA Tell on your dad and make life harder. Right. That really 
will make the marriage strained. Going to someone else about it just puts 
the person in a harder situation. The more you push, the more they will 
pull away.@haircutbob2 well, it ruined my sisters marriage. The problem is that it, 
like other substances is addictive. Most everyone has been effected by it. 
It starts at a young age. Curiosity leads to lust and it becomes a crutch 
like alcohol or cigarettes. Science proves powerful attachment hormones are 
released while watching it. Ted Bundy explained in an interview before 
execution, the sole common interest of 99% of death row is pornography. 
Progressively addictive and spiritually coroding. As we keep the commandments and live the gospel the body yields to the 
spirit and the sacred light comes to ones eyes and countenance. If you 
become disobedient to the commandments, the light becomes a little dimmer 
and if prolonged it is extinguished all together (i.e. the mists of 
darkness and muddy water takes over). The law of chastity is real and 
violating it by watching porn damages your spirit and stains you 
physically. Why? Because we are eternal spirit-beings and God lives. Amen!@haircutbob2 It might seem like not that big of a deal, especially when you 
think of it as something that affects only you right now. But it's 
habit-forming, and getting married / being sexually active doesn't change 
your desire for it. But for sure it will mess with your relationships and 
you won't be as nice of a person. I'm speaking as someone whose husband's 
porn addiction ultimately led to other things that ended our marriage, 
pretty much exactly like this video portrayed. Porn is a plague.@haircutbob2 I'm not Mormon so I don't know why it's important for them but 
as a girl I can understand why it may be bad to start. How can a guy or a 
girl who uses pornography see people as only people- and not as objects of 
satisfaction. I had a guy friend who was addicted to pornography. He said 
it changed the way he saw others, especially girls. He had a hard time 
trusting and dating because he felt as if he was using them and vice versa. 
It was very hard for him to believe in love.Great talk!!@haircutbob2 It will destroy your focus so bad, it is worse than drugs, 
alcohol, etc. because when that stuff leaves your system it is gone, but 
porn never wills, it is like a virus. It will change the way you look at 
girls, talk to them, what you want from them. I know for a fact that is 
destructive to all ages, if you don’t feel it now you will feel it down the 
line when you try to better your world. Any more questions comments feel 
free to reply man@haircutbob2 I am 22 and in college, i date and am super ambitious, i know 
where you’re coming from, i also have friends that are 22, 21, and 20 that 
started porn when they were 12, 10, and 15 when they started looking at 
porn as well as 100's of other kids who got caught in that stuff, and it 
completely and utterly destroyed their life’s, they told me that it ruined 
their relationships, they are struggling in school, and in so many things. @haircutbob2 Would you really "love to be enlightened"? Pray God to cause 
you to understand this in His Spirit: When you yield to the enticings of 
God, your flesh becomes subject to your spirit as master and commander of 
your soul. Conversely, when you yield to the appetites of the flesh, your 
spirit becomes subject to the flesh, denying you the strength of spiritual 
focus. Ask God if it's true.@haircutbob2 Thank You! Absolutely brilliant. Hope for all those struggling with this addiction. 
Emotionally moving...After my mission I fell in porn addiction, it leaded me into homosexuality. 
I'm struggling with it in my life. There are many things I'm doing today in 
order to overcome it. I'm not totally free from it but I can see a change, 
my addiction it has diminished. I need to endure and be diligent. The 
desire of having an eternal family has increased in my heart. It hasn't 
been easy, it takes time and I do feel God's influence in my life. He never 
left me alone even when I did wrongs. He does helps@MyLifeIsMusic16 you should give him a hug and tell him in that moment that 
you are praying for him in order to leave that addiction. and tell him "I 
love you so much.I am really enjoying these videos. This is a powerful video. We need to stay away from pornography no matter 
what. It only enriches those who make it, and it leaves those who use it 
poor indeed. A great message. I'd like to hear the reasoning behind anyone giving this a 
"thumbs down".Born to a Buddhist father and an atheist mother, I chose the right path and 
vehemently avoided pornography, even though it was prevalent throughout my 
childhood. Born in a family who followed a religion that spoke outwardly 
against it, my husband chose to pursue in secret and destroyed our family. 
Sometimes our choices as individuals are not enough.@GospelPrinciples101 yes he knows you and every singleperson in this world 
he loves us and know what we go through everyday,he knows us better than we 
do Im sorry you feel alone we all feel like that sometimes but you must 
know that when ever we feel alone means that God is close and he wants you 
to remember he is there for you ALWAYS @GospelPrinciples101 God not only knows you personally, but he loves you as 
an individual more than you or I can imagine. He loves YOU infinitely and 
unconditionally. I know it is difficult to imagine, it is for me as well. 
But I also know that God's way of doing things is much different than our 
own, and that we shouldn't let our inability to comprehend it get in the 
way. If you feel alone, pray to God and let Him know. Everything that is 
important to you is just as important to Him.One way to combat porn is to boycott any and all businesses that distribute 
porn whether they be video stores, hotel establishments or cable providers. 
Once that takes place then many businesses will stop making the materials 
so available.@haircutbob2 I agree that porn can relieve stress like you say, but for me 
it also changed how I thought about girls. It seemed to come with 
"benefits", but when I looked at the rest of my life, it was taking me 
places I didn't want to go. Sex is awesome, or at least it can be if you 
can figure out how to fit it into a real relationship with a real person. 
In my experience, that is really hard, and spending time with the Internet 
ladies makes it a lot harder. BTW, thanks for your honest comment@GospelPrincipals101 God is always their and will always know you and love 
you no matter what. And be cause of that you will never truly be alone : )Boy, this touched the heart strings..... I know what it's like, and this 
video certainly describes it in truth and feelings.A critical discussion is warranted around the tactics used by the church to 
create an environment in which people mark others and themselves as sick or 
weak or unworthy (aka men who give into temptation) without having to 
provide any justification for the basis of such a blanket conclusion. 
Please, some self-reflection around how the church, with these messages, 
may play a part in creating the harm that they suggest 
universally/deterministically follows from an individual behaviour and 
choice. A more thoughtful and open discussion around sexuality would include the 
many factors that can and do create problems around pornography w/o 
simplifying the topic to the individual choices made by men not to give in 
to temptation and it's inevitable consequences. My only sadness about this video is that only just over 200,000 people have 
viewed it compared with the millions watching pornographic stuff on here@haircutbob2 There are several things wrong with pornography. Firstly, 
Jesus taught "whosoever looketh on a women to lust after her, commiteth 
adultery in his heart". & Adultery is one of the oldest commandments or 
social laws.Secondly, when viewing pornography, one tends to dehumanise the 
person they're watching.Persistent viewing will lead to a detachment from 
normal social relationships, as you will begin to only see people for what 
they look like.Thirdly,viewing pornography is addictive@metalteehth8 I'm not being sarcastic, but I do think porn is.@haircutbob2 I see where you're coming from, and I don't know how old you 
are, but as an adolescent, I can say that I do struggle, every day, with 
the bad thoughts that enter my head. But what I also know, is that if you 
(you as in whoever) don't get control of it early, and repent and what not, 
then it WILL affect marriage/family. Sorry if i'm not too clear on what i 
said, and i hope it seemed nice enough (i know its hard when non verbal), 
but if you want to talk more about this, message me.I'm sad to admit that about half my life i was addicted to pornography. 
What is even more sad is that i'm only 16. It has been really hard to 
recover, but every day I fight the battle to become who I should be: a 
worthy Priesthood holder. The biggest reason I stopped is because 
pornography is a big reason what ended my parents' marriage. And it is my 
main goal in life to have a happy and eternal marriage, and give my future 
children the life I never could have. I am so thankful for repentance.@haircutbob2 Pornography or sex addiction is more addictive than any 
individual chemical substance abuse, as it affects more areas of the brain 
and senses. It is indeed used as a stress-relieving drug as you mentioned, 
but is difficult to keep in moderation, due to its extremely potent ability 
to condition thoughts. Check out some of the studies on what is called "the 
funnel" of uncontrollable behavior past the point of initial stimulation. 
Big tobacco is nothing next to the porn industry.Wow, very well done! I love all these videos and I appreciate them 
addressing difficult topics such as this. Thank you for your excellent work!