I am a child of God and it feels great!﻿This video has such a positive and faith-affirming message There is a 
Father in heaven who loves us. We are all brothers and sisters.You can be like these people. Don't stop praying and eventually you will 
have an experiece that will change your life. God knows that you are there 
and He is listening. Be patient. Call the missionaries. They can teach you 
a lot about God, Jesus Christ and The Plan of Salvation. The worth of a 
soul is great in the sight of God.I feel for you! every time you do pray, you do talk to yourself. praying is the absolute 
least you can do. if god does has a plan for all of us, then praying is 
like hoping for a character in a book to be saved. youve gotta keep trying! :) it took me four ..five months! to feel answers 
when id pray! if you dont feel anything, hes working on you with your 
prayer, hes preparing for someone to say to you and answer it, he works for 
me differently to my friends, he comes to me through words in people, at 
exaxtly the right time, i KNOW its Him, it couldnt be anyone else, his 
timings to perfect, hes to perfect, sometimes he teaches us t obe patient, 
if hes still not answered, then the best is coming..Try praying to the Father, by the name of Jesus. Jesus is the ONLY way to heaven, read John 3:16 For God so loved the world 
that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not 
perish but have everlasting life. 17 For God did not send His Son into the 
world to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved. 
18 “He who believes in Him is not condemned; but he who does not believe is 
condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only 
begotten Son of God. Jesus (God) will answer.I know for a fact that if you keep praying and keep trying you'll feel His 
presence and the strength that comes from it. It's not always easy to 
believe in something you can't see but it's definitely worth it =)A lot of us have felt the same as you, and I know how you feel. If you 
really wish you were like these people, then let yourself be. You just have 
to let yourself believe. Over time you'll feel it stronger and stronger. :)I've felt that way too before. Sometimes it feels like you're talking to 
yourself. The trick to it is that you have to believe that it will really 
work first and then once you believe that it will work you will have an 
experience that will confirm to you that God really is there. amenAmen! very trueIs so nice to see and feel the love for God of so many peopleIt's just a great knowledge and comfort knowing we have a Heavenly Father 
who wants to talk and hear us and loves us so deeply. There is no greater 
comfort than knowing this. :)@MsLennyBenny Yes we are! And I'm proud to be Mormon! :)@magicalhearingman Yes, He would be. This is a question for Mormon.org, or 
directly with a mature Mormon Missionary. If you are sincerely wanting an 
answer to that question, then ask it at the right venue. There is an answer.@TheTobe33 Also, there's a good video titled "Are Mormons Christians?" by 
youtube user keltontrey. Jeffery R. Holland lays it down@TheTobe33 Yes, "Mormons" are Christians! :) @TheTobe33 its because our belief about the Savior and our Heavenly Father 
is similiar! The way i think of it being a christian is a way of life, and 
not a certain religion. Anyone who believes and lives the teachings of the 
Savior Jesus Christ are christian. Does that kinda make sense? I hope so :)@TheTobe33 We are Christians. @TheTobe33 , We love our savior Jesus Christ like traditional Christians 
do. The difference is how we interpret the nature of God. Mormons believe 
that God the Father, His Son Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost are not the 
same person. We believe they are separate beings with the same purpose. 
Traditional Christianity follows what is called the Trinity, in that they 
are one in the same being. We share a love for our Savior, just like you 
do. It's a wonderful blessing to us all.He loves us all! I love that:) im confused, whats the difference between a mormon and a christian?! cz 
alot of their messages are really similiar to ours (christians)@bagon98 God doesn't create killers. He gave us "agency" or the power to 
choose. If a man chooses in his heart to kill another, then that is his 
choice. Bad things happen to us because we came to this life to learn. @TickleMehNancy You're right, but for me, I'd rather have someone to rely 
on at all times than to be alone in the hard times.@magicalhearingman How do you mean "incomplete"?GOD IS AMAZINGG :D Since when is God a man? Wouldn't 'he' be incomplete if 'he' were a man?@queue555 I'm a mormon. We study the old testament every 4 years and the 
new testament every 4 years in the church Sunday school. That is half of 
the time in a 4 year cycle. But we also believe that there are more ways to 
know the Lord and to feel He loves us. Personal prayer is an important way 
of having relationship with your Heavenly Father. Also studying other 
scriptures, Book of Mormon, conference talks .. And to understand all those 
we invite the Spirit to teach us through prayer."If you want to talk to God; pray, if you want God to talk to you; read the 
scriptures." There are four possible scenarios at death, God doesn't exist, 
and you die believing or not, nothing happens. God exists: you die not 
believing and you will not be happy, or you die believing and you will be 
happy. Odds are you will be happier, believing you live for a greater cause 
then yourself. I tell all of you that not only does God exist but he loves 
you. and yes the Mormons are right. @eutahbear1952 dude or girl it makes us happy knowing that theres a guy 
helping us thru our pains and stuff like that. We are all children of god.If we lived with God, whats with all the pain, natural disasters killing 
all your loved ones. LEaving you the last one alive in your family. IF you 
were that kid, youd say otherwise. In your rich, lives full of love, theres 
another side full of pain. Realizing God wont even help us in a time of 
need. God creates killers that could kill anything. Think. Personally im a 
secular humanist, dont even try converting anyone else into a religion 
there not. I was sent this, trying to find out what i am.@swtxwishes are you mormon then? i'm investigating them right now. been to 
4 services. and i'm coming to the conclusion that they do not study the 
bible. they just keep saying pray, pray, pray. fine. but you have to know 
the will of God to incorporate that into your prayer, otherwise you will 
feel like you do. it says this in the bible. it also states that you won't 
always get an answer either! but they won't study the bible yet they think 
they have the answer. the answer's in the hebrew bible.Of course if you believe there is a 'heavenly father' looking out for you 
and being your friend, you will feel better. That doesn't prove 'heavenly 
father' to be real. @swtxwishes Sometimes I feel like that, too. I think that this is sometimes 
because Heavenly Father is not visually in the same room as us when we talk 
with him. Maybe you could pray to Him and tell Him what you have written 
here, that you feel like you are just talking to yourself when you pray. 
And maybe you could ask Him to help you see His hand in your life every 
day, and every day try to look for these ways, and also try to write these 
ways down. I also recommend going to lds.org@eutahbear1952 It is proof for the one who has recieved the testimony. 
Heavenly Father does answer us, I know he does. @eutahbear1952 It is to the person giving the testimony. There is no way to 
give 100% undeniable phisical evidence about the existance of God (or 
anything else really). The only other way is to give your testimony. Its 
like if I saw a certain kind of animal for the first time. I was alone, I 
had no camera on me to take a picture, so how am I going to describe what I 
saw to others? Testimony :)@swtxwishes something that helped me was i stopped and listened, and waited 
for if i felt like someone heard me... and I did... start with prayers of 
thanks where you don't even ask for anything, see if that helps only god sees in your heartHeavenly Father is our literal father of our spirits and is always there 
for us all we need to do is pray. We are all children of God let us 
remember to love and respect one another each day, we are all trying to 
live our lives it is amazing what one kind word and/or act can mean to a 
person.@eutahbear1952 Yes it is its something you gain not make up something you 
strive to have in life through personal experience that you try to acquire 
and feeling in your heart! its like saying growing older does not make you 
wiser !Of Course it does you gain this by growing@eutahbear1952 yea i agree but atleast they live happy lives :)@kenzie309 good for u :) @eutahbear1952 It is a witness. In certain ways, personal testimony is a 
proof to those who gain it. The trick is that it can never be used as a 
premise. You have to search for yourself.@eutahbear1952 It is not, and it should not be. What it is, is the personal 
journey and choice of your beliefs and religion. As LDS members, we aren't 
trying to bombard you with proof of religion, evidence of God or anything 
like that, but state that we do believe regardless of the scientific lack 
and we welcome others to ask of Him for themselves. I hope this is helpful.I am a Child of GodFantastic and inspiring video. i dont know if there is a god or not i think the world is a huge fish tankThis "God" sounds like a pretty Decent guy.Well, I wish I was like these people. I stopped believing because I feel 
like I'm talking to myself every time I pray.I am the first comment! I loved this video!!! It's soooo true! I am mormon 
and PROUD!!! :)these messages are unbelievably amazing and well made - Im so grateful for 
good LDS media ...im soaking up these uplifting messagesPersonal testimony is NOT proof of anything. 