All of them are here on YouTube or you can go to Mormon Channel and see 
them. They are still creating some of them, so subscribing is probably the 
best way to ensure you see them all. My favorite is Peter and the Centurion.@Andrew Curtis Isaiah 61The Messiah is The Stone Lay`d Upon The Chief Cornerstone,There shall Come 
Forth a Rod from The Stem of Jesse and a BRANCH shall Grow Out of It`s 
Roots,Last Part of Revelations= I JESUS Am The ROOT,The MAN Called The 
BRANCH A Little Stone That Breaks The Great Beast Into Pieces=The 
BREAKER=THE MESSIAH<He Is The ONE in REVELATION Chapter 2, I JESUS Will 
Give Him The POWER Even as I have Received Of My FATHER And The NATIONS 
Shall Be Broken Into SHIVERS=The Great Beast broken Into PIECES< MESSIAHwhere can i get this whole series !!!!!!!!!!!!:26 the Goy ?What is the speaker saying in Hebrew in the beginning, before Jesus begins 
to teach? I'm curious. HES my comforter .... I NEVER FEEL ALONE...because i know HIS there.. HE 
LIVES!It's in Isaiah 61, the first couple of verses. The Jews had always seen 
those verses as a chapter about the Messiah.Isaiah 61 God blessCjhapter 61Isaiah 61:1-2. The wording is different, but it's clear that it's the same 
passage. I have a new video that shows how Isaiah and The Talmud both state that the 
Messiah and God would be one. Not only is the Messiah the Son of God, He is 
God in the flesh. I invite you to watch the video. I welcome all 
disagreements, counter points, and critiques. (Please, no insults or coarse 
language.)U know I wonder what sort of god would have his son tortured to death and 
how that would save humanity. It makes no sense. How can god be a man? God 
must be an entirely different entity to be everywhere, in and through all 
living things, sustaining, creating life everywhere on the billions and 
billions of planets, to be aware of every atom of life at all times. Oh, sorry I did not tell you where in Isaiah. Our Saviour cites the words 
from Isaiah 61:1 and part of verse 2. Again you should study the whole 
chapter it's fascinating. It's in Luke 4, the part on this video starts on verse 16. You should read 
the whole chapter, there's lots to learn from it.I believe it's Isaiah 61-- several verses that Christ is reading there.Where in Isaiah is that found?Everything goes back to the principle of "those with ears will hear and 
those with eyes will see". He said what you are asking about for the same 
reason he used parables: It is up to everyone to get their own spriritual 
testimony of his divinity it can't be given, even jesus couldn't give it. 
That's atleast how i see it ;) John 4, he told the Samariten woman that he is the Messiah. In various 
places in the gospels he was judged by the Sanhedrin and they asked him, 
"Are you the Son of God?" He replied "You shall see the Son of Man standing 
on the right hand of God." It seems really vague to me. But they accepted 
that as him saying he was the Son of God so it must have had some other 
meaning to them that I miss.JESUS ROCKS!!!!!!!!  John 4 25-26 25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, 
which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things. 26 
Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. Jesus himself said that 
he is the Messiah that is to come. What more proof do we need? Is there any proof that he is not? Pray and ask God. He will answer to your 
soul. It is just a series of short videos portraying different moments in Jesus's 
life. But when you watch them in order its kinda like a movie. Its pretty 
cool.Yes! Among many others: John 4:16 "Jesus answered, “I am the way and the 
truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." Just to clarify what's happening in this video, Christ reads a passage from 
Isaiah speaking of the Messiah who will come to earth and suffer all so 
that we may return to our Father in Heaven. By him saying that this 
scripture had been fulfilled, he was saying that he was the Messiah which 
Isaiah prophesied of who would come to preach to the people on earth. You 
should read Isaiah. It's pretty fantastic. I hope that helped clarify 
things a bit. He went through so much for us!Pray unto The Lord Thy GOD with a sincere heart and by the Power of The 
Holy Spirit thou shall know the truth by all things..Could someone please show me the proof that Jesus believed he was a so 
called "messiah"?Jesus Christ is my Savior and yours. Come unto Him and find peace, joy, and 
hope.They are Bible video vignettes as a gift to the world from the First 
Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. They are 
based on King James version New Testament Scriptures of the Life of Jesus 
Christ! They are a great blessing from the Lord's Anointed and testify of 
LDS centered faith in the Lord Jesus Christ! Another amazing vignette!!Not only would the majority not believe him, but they would fabricate 
stories about him to try to keep others from believing. But the work that 
He did - the lives that He blessed - the testimony of those who followed 
Him and were close to Him, that is what gets others to begin to believe in 
Him. This is a Beautifully made Video. well done at lastwhat movie is this? or is it a part of a movie i believe today they wouldnt believe it either and call him crazy and 
blasfiamyI'm sure if many of us heard this, we wouldn't quite know how to react. I'm 
sure we wouldn't believe it. Not an easy thing to do in the company of 
religious loved ones. It shows me a great example of not fearing those 
around me when I stand up for standards even among members around me which 
at times can be hard for many.Awesome video. Thanks for sharing ;)