As you are able 
You receive
Of the Lord, talents
To achieve.
Cast them not away
Neither bury them.
Be faithful, always
They are of Heaven!﻿What is this from? that's some really good acting.. that kind of dialogue 
is very difficult to pull off.﻿The threat is there for those who refuse God. God is love, He is light, 
complete and perfect. He has shown His perfection in ways human does not 
understand, like giving birth to those who are non Christians. It is 
therefore our obligation to share the gift of God to others who He has 
created. Those who are not born Christian due to circumstances are blessed 
by God because he has Given them life. Everything He gives is perfect. And 
He will go to get the one lost sheep as He said. And there is it: the 
Kingdom of God. 

It is our obligation to sow the kingdom of God in people, because the 
kingdom of God is within you. The kingdom of God is within Atheists and non 
believers, all people. And we all need to accept His gift with joy, or, 
since the negation of God is outer darkness, we will be condemned justly, 
for foolishness, until He said otherwise. He, Light, Truth, Jesus, needs to 
dwelt in you. Without this, one become wither, lifeless. ﻿Margaret McCoy, I agree with you and I am a member of the church of Jesus 
Christ if Latter-day saints. In John 6:40: And this is the will of him that 
sent me, that every one which seeth the son, and believeth on him, may have 
everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day". Just believing 
in Christ and his grace he provides through the atonement provides the 
"bread of life" or everlasting life. You are absolutely right. The Savior 
himself gives us a reward for simply believing. Rewards are a good thing. 
If we believe in Jesus Christ we will receive the reward of everlasting 
life. Just like with our own children here on earth, we provide them with 
gifts because we love them and on top of gifts we also provide them with 
gifts/rewards for good behavior. Adding to the gift that we receive of 
everlasting life through the grace of Christ we also can receive further 
knowledge/talents/rewards/increase. It doesn't stop with just everlasting 
life. Their is a difference between believing in Christ and loving Christ. 
Both are good. There are not levels to believing in Christ. You either 
believe in him or you don't. Loving Christ is different. Love is a verb. It 
is something you have to sacrifice and work for. You cant just profess to 
love someone without showing them that you love them. Christ's answer to 
the apostle after he professed to love the Savior was this: If ye love me, 
feed my Sheep. The Savior not only wants us to profess our love for him but 
he wants us to show our love for him by serving his sheep (others). The 
servants who invested, served, worked, sacrificed (in essence, loved the 
Savior by feeding his sheep received a reward). The servant that 
hid/rejected/didnt use the one talent/gift (the one gift given to every man 
freely through the grace of Christ-Everlasting Life) was sent to hell with 
wailing and nashing of teeth. God gives us gifts/talents according to the 
desires or our hearts. When we are given gifts/talents we choose to use 
them to serve Christ's sheep and by so doing will receive a two-fold 
reward. If we dont use them, work and serve others they, "will be taken, 
even that which he hath". Sometimes we love/serve others even when we don't 
have the best intentions (I.e. to gain a reward or get the praise of men or 
when we don't feel like it and just do it out of duty). All of us out of 
human weakness are guilty of one of these examples. However, we don't know 
the intentions of someone's heart. Only God knows that. One thing we do 
know, the more we feel God's love for us the more we desire to share that 
love by serving others; and the more we serve/love and share whatever our 
human weakness/intentions may be, the more we know and feel of God's love 
for us and our fellow men. We can receive more knowledge/talents/spiritual 
gifts, "line upon line, precept upon precept" until the perfect day where 
we will receive, "All that the Father has" which is everlasting life and 
eternal life (live forever and live with our heavenly father and receive 
all of his knowledge/talents/gifts) and eventually fill the commandment, 
"Be he therefore perfect even as your Father in Heaven who is perfect". In 
the process of serving the Savior we come to "know" and "love" him and find 
that there is a Father in Heaven. Christ is literally God's only begotten 
son. "If ye had known me, ye should have known my father", " all things 
that I have heard of my Father I have made known", "because they knew not 
him that sent me". When we know the Savior and love him we become one with 
the Savior and " joint-heirs" with Christ", "one fold, and one shepherd", " 
that they may be one as we are", "that they also may be one in us", "Be ye 
therefore doers of the word and not hearers only", " If ye love me, keep my 
commandments". "If he had known me, he should have known my Father", 
"Depart, I never knew you, ye that work iniquity" "bring forth therefore 
fruit meet for repentance (don't just profess to repent, show me), "by 
their fruits (good works), ye shall know them", " tree that not bringeth 
forth not good fruit is hewn down and cast into the fire", "good tree 
bringeth not forth corrupt fruit", " fruit of the spirit is love" (love is 
a verb), ﻿Having knowledge about Jesus Christ does very little for us unless we 
invest in that knowledge. In order for money/talent to increase it has to 
be spent. It requires sacrifice and acts of service. If we hide our 
money/talent or in other words do not spend/use our money/talent/gift the 
Savior has given us it will be just has if we his it in the earth. It will 
be of no use to us or anyone. Christ has given everyone talents. He has 
provided us the means to come back and live with him in heaven. We truly 
need to be his servants and not simply profess to be his servants. We need 
to invest in the talents he has given us by working at them, laboring and 
sharing them with others. This is how we become true followers and servants 
of Christ. We serve God. We keep his commandments. This is whom Christ will 
say at the last day, "Well done thy good and faithful servant. Thou hast 
been faithful over a few things, I will make the ruler over many".﻿The Savior used the phrase, "Well done thou good and faithful servant" to 
the servants that increased their talents. Done means you have done 
something. You have acted. You have served or worked. You have provided 
increase to society. You have given of your time and talents to build and 
uplift others. In so doing, you have literally served the Savior himself. 
The Savior then uses the word, "Slothful" to the servant who his his 
talent. Slothful means you didn't work or provide any service. You didn't 
help, serve or provide any increase. What's interesting to point out is 
Christ referred to the person that his his talent in the earth as his 
servant. Christ provided him the talent and means to serve him. Instead he 
buried or rejected his talent and in the end he chose not to be Christ's 
friend/servant and was cast out. ﻿The whole gospel is about how to live a humble life, which means that It's 
about not having and owning things including work.﻿Can someone clarify what exactly is meant in the parable? ﻿I'm not a mormon but these KJV Bible video's are fantastic. I love them﻿