Even the Gentiles nations can feel the spirit, accept the gospel of Christ 
and repent and be baptize.﻿The gospel of jesus must be spread, his word is the truth the way and the 
light. Praised be jesus son of God﻿Lord, I believe is one of my favorite talks by Br. Holland.﻿Peter was so full of faith and humility in following the Spirit, and 
testifying boldly of the resurrected Christ. A great representation of this 
important turning point in the history of the early Church.﻿How wonderful to see that God loves all of His children and sends His 
servants to all men of Jesus Christ. How wonderful it is that the authority 
to baptize is on the Earth today with the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints.﻿I think the reason that KJV is used so that we get it purely from the 
source. Understanding should not be a problem since the Holy Ghost would 
testify in our hearts that this is truth, and that it comes from our Lord 
and Savior Jesus Christ. It will be given freely to those who sincerely 
seek it. That is much more than we would expect from these words and we are 
promised even more if we follow Christ because the way that He have 
prepared will lead us to eternal life. Hope this helps.this could as well be called Cornelious' revelation for it was him who 
fasted and supplicated the Lord.Christ had already commanded to Peter 
before he ascended to the Father to preach the gospel unto all the world 
teaching every Nation.But we see how a Man even when spoken in his own 
language a command of God,even with Keys must come to understanding.Gentile comes from the word Ethnos which means Nations Rev 22:18 -19Prayer is the key To see and hear This great blessing: OUR God is nearPeter's revelation in Acts 10 th chapter is theme of N.T.to entire world 
saying that Jesus is LORD of all.Hence we have to know that Christianity is 
not a religion,but the way of salvation .Cornalious is gentile who received 
gospel through Peter.Peter changed his ministry by that revelation.All are 
sinned and lost glory. We are all equal in the sight of GOD. Differences 
are created by us.So there is no difference to gospel of Jesus Christ. "Go into all nations, baptizing them in The Name of The Father, and of The 
Son, and of The Holy Ghost. And know this, I am with you always, even until 
the end of the world."These new videos are nearly perfect. They capture and invoke the spirit so 
well.The words "Repentance unto Life" stood outAbsolutely moving. What a phenomenal video. This is just perfect. That is all I can say. The Holy Spirit speaks from this video of the truth of the scriptures. 
Modern day technologies are a gift from Him and are such a blessing when 
used for their righteous purposes.We were asked to day to lead people to these videos to give them an idea 
what LDS believe.This has such a powerful spirit. I love it!This is no small task to produce the wonderful depictions of favorite 
scripture passages. I attribute part of my tithing could go toward their 
creation. It is a wondrous way to acquaint many to the Gospel. Thank you, 
my gratitude I wish to show.Because he is AMAZING at acting.kinda cool they just uploaded this when this is where i am in the 
scriptures the music in the beginning is breathtaking thankyou and praise your holy and righteous name jesus christ kings of 
kings and lords of lordsPraise the LORD, I believe you Jesus Indeed.I love this, it speaks peace to me insideA powerful message! We are all God's children, and nothing can stand in the 
way of our relationship with Him if we will repent and draw unto His Son 
for strength.God loves all of His children and has a plan of happiness for them. In 
ancient times only the children of Israel received the fulness of the 
gospel. With this revelation to His servant Peter, God opened the way for 
all of His children to receive its fulness. We are now commanded to "teach 
all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and 
of the Holy Ghost." The gospel of Jesus Christ has now reached all the 
world. Why is the same actor that played Joseph plays Peter?I love this story, and this video was magnificently done. Everyone should 
watch this!You can get there if you want just need to follow the lord and do what they 
did to grow to that level. You have to be willing to commit and create a 
very strong relationship with the Lord which is key.AmazingBeautiful. Absolutely moving"God is no respecter of Persons" love it!The Lord has entrusted us with the preaching of the gospel to all the 
world. Not just to those who we think worthy, but to every kindred, tongue 
and people. All people on the earth are of the family of God.So cooool!! i wish my spirituality level would be like the prophets :)) His Gospel is true and we are fortunate to have His truth in our lives. 
Which truth gives us peace and joy. Thank you Lord for these eternal 
blessings and the Atonement performed for us by Thy Son, even Jesus Christ 
our Savior. We love Thee and will continue to strive to do Thy will. 