I feel like he is talking to me. I'm glad I had a chance to re-watch this.﻿God bls you all ﻿With patience you can achieve your Godly blessings and exhortation for time 
and everlasting.﻿I love all my Leaders. ﻿Beautiful﻿These men are truly the Lords Apostles: you see they speak of realities. 
Things as they really are and well always be. God bless them﻿that was a very good talk, and indeed what i need, connie﻿I need to learn patients because I kept checking the time haha﻿That was a beautiful talkI believe in GOD I always hadthank you president uchtdorfJuly 10, 2013, Resent not evil...... Do not resent Evil because it is the 
Evil devil who wants you to resent him, he wants you to resent, get upset, 
angry, mean or mad........Yet GOD wants you to be Patient and give up all 
resentments in the moment that they may be felt in your own heart or mind 
and behavior......GOD is the Author of Patience......patience is NOT passive resignation.... darn - why did I never think of 
that? By far, this is my favorite talk of all time. I can't even tell you how 
many times I've come back to listen to it, read it, and absorb it into my 
life! Amazing true doctrine! beautiful President Uchtdorf is an amazing and wise speaker. :) I Love hearing him Speak:-) i agree patience leads too self control and its amazing as well patience is 
the keyI love the members of the 12 and the First Presidency. President Uchtdorf 
is so spiritual and intelligent. However, he seems so down to Earth at the 
same time. I've never met him. But I'd sure like to run into him sometime 
and shake his hand.How lucky are we to have these inspired church leaders on the earth today. 
They offer so much to the world if people would only listen.Love, Love, Love President Uchtdorf!!! He is so inspirational to me! I am 
so glad to hear from him and the other authorities every six months!!!AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ya, Uchtdorf is so clear about his topics its great.I think patience leads to self control.This talk is amazing. I hope women watch it, too, because it is still very 
applicable.one of the best talks at that session :)