This hit me hard i have overcome many temptations and trails and sometimes 
i fear that my weaknesses will get the best of me agaim but i know if i 
have faith in Christ he will give me strength to resist temptations and get 
through trails i need not fear﻿Each of us have our personal storms every single day. He wants to see how 
we are going to react to those.﻿Jesus said, peace be still and all was calm﻿IL peut calmer la tempête.
Ben OUI.
<3﻿Will this be the last LDS Bible video?﻿In today's words: Jesus has it going on! So cool but yet so powerful! His 
demeanor was so calm, just leaves you speechless..﻿I think sometimes We miss the point of what he has said...And he said unto 
them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith...They were 
apostles, and had the authority to do as he just did...that's why he said 
 "how is it that YE have no Faith."﻿This video I like it so much﻿Love the astonished looks of the apostles! Sometimes I can easily forget 
how powerful it is even if we have simple faith﻿Beautiful video. Our Savior is an amazing man! He is always there for us. 
So glad I have the opportunity to rely on him. ﻿Thanks for the video, it was really cool to watch. Definitely one of my 
favorite Bible stories!﻿This is a amazing video

This is must watch﻿This is great!﻿Why is it that we have no faith? Many times when our faith is tested we 
forget faith in The Lord. We all must put our faith and trust in The Lord, 
so that when we are at judgement, The Lord will not say "I knew thee not".﻿He'll stand at the helm,
Through tempests that storm,
To save and to help.
Have faith in the Lord﻿God allows the storms in our lives to occur so that His works and His 
goodness can be manifested.﻿Like a Boss!﻿Amen﻿Impressive﻿This is such a power scene and beautiful﻿"Master, the terror is over
The elements sweetly rest
Earth's sun in the calm lake is mirrored
And heaven's within my breast.
Linger, o blessed Redeemer,
Leave me alone no more
And with joy I shall make the blest harbor
And rest on the blissful shore."﻿Man I needed this﻿:'( ﻿ I'm a baptist but I am subscribed to your channel because I think the 
importance and focus in family is really important as well. Great video by 
the way.﻿Our Saviour has the power to calm the stormy seas we may have in our life 
and when Hisl will is not to calm those storms He will raises up to walk on 
those stormy seas. ﻿Great video!﻿In our hour of need, we must call upon to our Master, Redeemer, Savior, and 
Lord, and let his power and atonement work in our lives. Our faith will be 
tested at times, and we will be given trials to refine us, but our ships 
will not sink if we rely upon the Lord, not matter what. As the Hymn 
'Master the Tempest is Raging' says "... no water can swallow the ship 
where lies the Master of ocean and earth and skies." Let us carry the love 
of the Savior with us, and obey Him that we may not sink. I know that 
Christ will always be there to step in and help us, in His own due time, 
and that He is there and cares for us immensely. I say these things in the 
name of our Redeemer Jesus Christ, amen.﻿"¡Dios ,el Creador el hijo del Dios viviente,domina los elementos de la 
Naturaleza..!"﻿When life pushes us down our faith brings us back up.﻿this is great I really love this, it's so powerful﻿Just as He calmed a windstorm on a lake in the Middle-East all those years 
ago, so can He calm the storms in our lives today.﻿It may be easy for the world to disregard faith but truly there is great 
power in one who believes in Jesus Christ.﻿