Elder Scott loved her so much, And now they're together again!!! Imagine 
his reaction when he see's her for the first time in 20years! RIP, We Miss 
you Elder Scott!﻿RIP Elder Scott. Such a beautiful message.﻿This makes today's news so much more comforting.﻿+Gordon Barens XD﻿:3 I love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😉﻿274 people haven't appreciated the meaning of love.﻿My parents got divorced after my dad left LDS :( ﻿Love is infinity.

You can never reach too high a level of love.

There is an abundance of love everywhere :)﻿In fact the love doesn't exist truely, it's a pressure of society or just a 
mind wish.2:57 dat height difference though ^-^You two guys are motivated to look for a woman. I'm 20 and I'm recently 
member of the Church of JC of LDS, but I lost that motivation some time 
ago, when I realized many aspects, like the time to wait from this moment 
and all that things what I still have to do (3 years for graduate from 
university, probably 2 in the mission, 3 more for mastery, some more in 
doctorate or career speciality, or even both, so more years, also the time 
to find a work, and some years working) & the lack of experienceI so love the concept - "eternal marriage". I'm so grateful for the 
knowledge I have of this concept. Who wants to settle for 'until death do 
you part?' which, if I remember rightly, was what I was told when my 
husband and I were married. I'm so grateful for the authority from God that 
is on the earth at this time, that makes eternal families possible. If you 
want to know more, visit a local LDS church or ask any of the missionaries 
you see walking or cycling in the area you live. I can't wait to have love like this someday!you should try going to the church, i was converted and baptised when i was 
17It is! It truly is. If you are doing those things in your life to be an 
honest and selfless individual, an individual equal in worth will find you, 
and forever will not be long enough for the two of you :)This is good advice no matter what religion you are. Well that was rude. Sorry if we offend you with our joy, love, hope, and 
comfort in our goals. That must be really hard on you in your daily life, 
darn joy.me too :) I hope you have a long and happy life with her, and some day you 
can get married too!I am not of the Mormon faith, but for the past 9 months, this channel has 
been one that I turn to for Smiles and Sharing a Joyful Story or three! :) hahahahhahaha ooohhh you make me laugh. Especially because no one can 
understand half of what you said! look up Matthew 7:16 "by their fruits ye 
shall know them." just look at the families. in a world that is falling 
apart, this church is a strong voice calling for a return to virtue, and 
that is something that only the devil himself would try to convince you is 
wrong. besides, if you hate us so much, why are you watching this?Awww! :)my heart touched and my soul of this.What is the piano portion called?What is the piano portion? The song's name.I'm 18 and can hardly wait (after the mission of course!). Your a good 
example to look for the eternal woman at such a young age. Don't let it 
distract you:) Thank you Ethan. the music is so cheering and upbeat. Thanks for using your talent. I love the ending comment, because I'm not married yet. But I've received 
my patriarchal blessing, and have a promise that he will come into my life, 
and we'll be sealed in the temple. So that last line, "Have faith in those 
promises, and live to be worthy of them" applies to me more than anything 
else he was talking about. <3I found him but I have to go to on a Mission for 1 year and 6 month's This 
YearI can't help but feel so happy for all these couples. I'm only fifteen, but 
I still look forward to meeting the girl I'll spend the rest of eternity 
with. Look up " Fullness of the Gospel " in Bruce R. McConkies Mormon Doctrine. 
Plus call me at 206-293-4076Just wish I could find someone.I can't wait to get to this point with my love. An Eternal Marriage filled 
with love and the blessings of the Heavenly Father.Bueno.Beautiful! I love Elder Scott! Beautiful! I Elder Scott! I am a woman and I love my girlfriend more than anythingThe music is fantastic! Thank you so much for your contributions!That's how I want to be with my wife when I get married someday.this is what im striving forNice piano touch at the end.bring on the water works. I definitely needed to see this. married for 3 
months today!I cried.On an unrelated note about the couple at 2:50- The girl kind of looks like 
Emma Stone and the guy kind of looks like Chris Evans. I love this video 
and the music. I'm so glad that we can be with our loved ones forever. He's 
right, what's the point of being together so long and the relationship 
going so well if it just ends? How could it be possible that 1 in 10 vote this message down? How can you 
vote down love?? This is the cause of all of societies problems, and it's 
what we must work to change if we desire to create a brighter world; there 
is a need for true expression of true love. see: The Family: A Proclamation 
To The World, and M. Russell Ballard's What Matters Most is What Lasts 
Longestaww i wanna marry someone as sweet as elder scott:)In the words of Michael Martin Murphy, "If love never lasts forever tell me 
whats forever for?" With selflessness and faith in Christ, I know love can 
last forever. I know one day, I'll experience that love and express it to 
my spouse.wow, all the ways love is truely expressed <3 I can feel the spirit, (': I 
wont forget thiswow, all the ways love is truely expressed <3I love to love lolI can see why you may be confused by this. Just think "live to be worthy 
of" means that because you treasure and value your husband or wife you try 
to act in such a way as to show you honor them so that treasure can stay 
bright.My wife and I got married last year, and I'm so happy to have her in my 
life. Our love is endless and everlasting and I appreciate every day that I 
have with her. I feel an immense amount of joy during those tender moments 
we have together, like this morning when we sipped our cups of coffee, held 
hands, and watched the sunrise. Even the guys have to fight back a tear or two. I've tirelessly searched 
through the last 15+ years for my eternal companion. I think I've finally 
found her. Her heart is a perfect 10. It's incredible how good we are for 
each other this early, but she's still more than I deserve. I'll be forever 
grateful.i love it...but sad to say.. i never experience this in my previous 
marriage...the expression...One day!!! Oh future husband, where art thou? I shall work hard to be 
worthy for you! <3SO CUTE!!!Tears running down my face! I know I'll find my eternal companion! "Live to be worthy of them". ??? Lollerskates LDS churchlike it!! Priceless advice! Especially for me and my wife as we are still newlyweds.very nice, thank you! As Napoleon D. would say they are "luckyyyyyyy!!!!!!" 
:D Reminds me of this old one -- mormon|mediapopup_hr|0,8857,54913-1,00 
[add dot org after the word mormon and dot html after the numbers and 
change the |'s to /'s] :)I was going "awww!" about 75% of the video and almost crying the other 25%! 
haha@markedwardindc Because lds members believe that marriage is between a man 
and a woman. For them to show same sex couples would be against their 
beliefs.They have a thing called the proclamation to the world... it talks 
about things like family and marriage. I hope that helps. : )@VuhNeSsA21 You'll eventually find the truth hang in there.@2718X3141 Make sure you really fall in love ~~This brought teas to my eyes but a smile to my heart.That was very sweet, but why didn't you have any gay couples? After all, 
gay marriage is now legal in several states and the District of Columbia.Awesome video! Now I just need to find a wife :)i'm not sure how i got here...and i'm not mormon...but this video is 
beautiful. I have always wanted to be married and be in love with my 
husband forever. This gives me hope that it's possible :)@VuhNeSsA21 YOU were created in Heaven! Think about that! VuhnessA21 I have to disagree I was just studying the New Testemant and 
Jesus is explaining to the Pharisees how reserection will work when one 
brings up the problem of 7 brothers and how they error. That has nothing to 
do with marrige. The lord does speak of celecstial marrige. This touches my soul. I can't wait to get married in the temple. I'm not religious or anything, but this was really cute. especially the 
hole punch thing.Wow, I am not mormon, but this like really touched my heart... like I 
started to tear up a little...humorous and touching. I love my wife!@VuhNeSsA21 Sorry to disagree again... But why do you think we are called 
Sons and Daughters of God..?? Because we were borned before this life in an 
spiritual way... we were procreated before we came here on Earth.. So.. we 
are a procreation of God... I don´t understand if God has Sons and 
Daughters, why wouldn't we have sons and daughters in the afterlife? I 
think that thats the goal of a Celestial Marriage.. and the happiness it 
would bring to us.. :) So I love when people read, keep it up :)@VuhNeSsA21 - You are correct, as Mark states, there is no marrying in the 
afterlife, just as there is no baptism there. Jesus promised to give Peter 
the keys to bind things on earth and they would be bound in Heaven (Matthew 
16:19). Jesus further clarified that God must join them together in Matthew 
19:5-6. The difference is in whether the person doing the joining has the 
"keys" to do so, just as Peter did. In the passage you noted, they were 
married under Moses' law.beautiful :)Does anybody or anything has a perspective of love in marriage such as the 
LDS church?? No! nobody. What a blessing to have this perspective of 
eternal love, respect, and loyalty.awh, this is a really sweet video :)Oh man, I ain't mormon, but this made me smile! Good job!Oh la la. The french lady was my french teacher at SLCC... so funny to now 
see her on YT. great marriage, please add mine. <3 forever and ever Thanks for sharing. Inspiring and touching video.@btfogelberg That's a horrible thing to say. Love is an emotion like any 
other; it changes over time. It can grow or fade. I love everyone in the 
world immensely and your sentence there has told me that I have never 
loved. I have loved and I still love. This video brought me to tears. Not 
all love has to be eternal. If you love something, set it free. Don't try 
to clutch and hang onto it if it is already gone. If these people have a 
genuine happiness and love for each other, then that is good.@btfogelberg You're kidding right?! There are PLENTY of people who have 
families and they love each other all the same. Love this how could anyone dislike this?podrian traducir este video por favor?crying happy tears:) so beautiful.i dont y ppl hate mormons so much. there ppl to. my best freind is a mormon 
and i dont care hes cool.Hey! It's my Seminary teacher's sister! lol @ 0:35This is sweet even if you're definitely not a Mormon.This is all sweet and cheery and I don't mean to be a major downer, but 
statistics show that at least one of those couples will get divorced within 
20 years. Reality strikes hard. THEN what do you do? Is Jesus a part of 
your message at all, my Mormon brothers?