amazing with the wind and string instruments. quite heart lifting﻿its so lovely I'm crying﻿Absolutely stunning﻿I love how he is on a RECORDER it sounds like he is on a FLUTE!﻿Amazing!﻿Oh my. This is so lovely. Praise be to Thee, O Christ.﻿What a amazing songs, i love it!!﻿Beautiful ﻿Hermosoo!﻿Thanking GOD for giving us such a Precious gift JESUS!!!!﻿Tell me, what is this instrument he is playing? Is it a recorder? ﻿WHAT CHILD IS THIS...MARAVILHOSO﻿This song kills me.﻿Such a beautiful song !!!﻿My absolute favorite rendition of this hymn.  Absolutely amazing!  ﻿Absolutely magnificent﻿We adore our lord, Jesus﻿finally found it, it's a long time that I try﻿so calm, peaceful and beautiful...and i love the flute﻿im part of another choir and we will be singing another arrangment similar 
to this but with out the recorder, its a gorgeous peice!﻿just got the chills!!!!﻿Absolutely breathtaking... brought me to tears. ﻿This song fills me with joy and how much hope we now have because of Jesus 
coming into the world.﻿sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
nice﻿Too slow, dang it!Absolutely amazing. Praises unto our Savior Jesus Christ. This birth was 
only the beginning to a perfect life. Not the beginning of a perfect person.In response to previous comment: Galiations 1:8 as spoken by the apostle 
Paul is warning the believers of the time (those who would believe in 
Christ and the words Paul spoke) not to be influenced by others at that 
time. There were people who were trying to persuade Gentiles that they too 
must obey the Law of Moses. Paul made it clear to them in this verse that 
they should only hear his words, which pertained to the true Gospel that 
Christ taught during his ministry.This music is incredible. However Mormons remember galatians 1:8Wow <3 So far this is the best version I've heard ;w; Amazing QuQWhen I practice this song on my flute, it sends a warm feeling in my heart.Wow! Taking the breath away Wow! I have to meet this man! Wow! What a great song to celebrate the birth of our Savior and his incredible 
life! Gives me the chills every time I hear it! (:Wow, this is so incredible. :) It’s amazing how music can make you feel 
certain ways. By the way, that pipe organ at 2:54 is absolutely 
astonishing… Don´t know... it seems to me like an oboe.. when i heard this i though i was in heaven!Ugh mormonism is scary, but I like their choir. Believe it might be an alto Recorder. Many years ago I played for a short 
time a soprano Recorder.Very haunting and tender. I can visualize the tender scene with the star of 
Bethlehem above and the shepherds and wise men arriving. Pretty legit.Wonderful :)Brought tears. Such tenderness. Absolutely breathtaking...Merry Christmas from Canada Ontario Ottawa Stake. Wanted to share some of 
my Christmas music with you. Feel free to Visit my page. I have 2 videos 
up. :) Love the Alto recorder playing with their angelic voices. So heavenly and 
lovely.... THAT is a recorder? Amazing! HOW does he do that? A truly spectacular and 
moving performance!True talent leaves the receiver pondering on the wonder of their creation 
and gratitude for the person who gave it.this sounds cool!Wow, the recorder! I haven't seen or heard one of those since elementary 
school! So beautifully played!Beautiful! It doesn't get much better than this. Thank you.So great! This is my favorite Christmas song, and I really enjoyed this version. 
Thanks-Oh, this is so beautiful. Truly invites the true spirit of Christmas.magnifique..... Wonderful!We were service missionaries on Temple Square for this wonderful occasion 
and the beautiful music filled the entire building with its haunting lovely 
tones. What a great experience to serve our Heavenly Father and feel and 
hear the glorious music!Awesome. I love the recorder.This arrangement of What Child is this is exquisite. Mac Wilburg is a 
genius.Exquisite! Thank-you!I felt it was such the sweetest treat for me when I attended this event 
when the MOTAB rendered this one of my most favorite Christmas music. Thank 
you Mormon Tabenacle Choir for this beauuuuutifully rendered song. I play 
the recorder so I especially loved it. My special thanks to the man who 
played the recorder. Thank you Mormon Channell for this post. God bless you 
all.awesome! PTL 3Wow! This hymn really makes me feel nearer to my Heavenly Father, and to 
confirm my testimony of thy great love for each one of us to give thy only 
son to be our Savior and Redeemer... Its beautiful to celebrate the birth 
of Jesus Christ!my favouriteIncredible! Felt the Holy Ghost fur sure. : )Excellent Recorder Solo, very effective.A job well done--thank you. I'm trying to figure out what instrument that is. It looks bigger than an 
alto recorder but not as big as a tenor recorder. Does anyone know?I was surprised there were no comments until now. But then I figured it 
out. Everyone's just speechless! So Beautiful!Beautiful <3 I love this!this is like heaven...!So beautiful :)This music speaks peace!Such a beautiful version of a favorite song! The arrangement is so 
masterfully done. :)I am now inspired to bust out my recorder and start practicing.this is incredible.Love this performanceChristmas always comes with some sort of sad feelings, but listening to the 
choir, and President's words, it changes all of it, hope, joy, peace, and 
foremost, the knowledge that He lives, our Lord really lives!!! When I herd this song at the first presidency message for chirstmas, i 
almost melted lol. It was sooooo good. :) I love this version, the man playing the wooden recorder gave me 
people-bumps and I just felt taken away on an epic journey! If they were 
showing a scene of mountains and fields I would be there! This song holds 
such hope and love of how humble Jesus Christ was born! Love it! the most beautiful thing i've heard in a long time. A very enchanting arrangement. Thanks for sharing!AWE...I LOVE ALL OF THE SINGING THAT YOU=ALL=EVERYONE DOES...=BEAUTIFUL 
VOICES/SOUNDS/MUSIC/ETC... THANK YOU=ALL=EVERYONE=HALLeLuJAH GOD BLESS 
YOU=ALL=EVERYONE=LOTS AND LOTS OF LOVE FrOM MICHELLE HALL K... 
OXOXOXOOXXOOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOOXXOOXOXOXOXOXOXOXPerfeito!