these are so sad﻿Yes, we thank our Heavenly Parents for the plan of salvation.﻿Doctrine and Covenants 4:5 "And faith, hope, charity and love, with an eye 
single to the glory of God, qualify him for the work."﻿Love this video﻿Last year (2014) was a difficult one for me!  I'm the oldest of the 
children whom my parents had & always felt a caring heart towards my 
younger siblings!  Early in the year, Heavenly Father decided to take one 
of my youngest siblings home unto Him, & then my Daddy only a few months 
later!  It was a difficult time & I admit that I did shed a lot of tears 
over the passing of each one of them!  However, the knowledge of the 
fulness of the gospel, the blessings of the infinite Atonement of my Lord 
Jesus the Christ, & the knowledge that comes from having a testimony that 
Families Can Be Together Forever gave me the strength to endure the the 
passing of these dear loved ones from this mortal existence!   Sometimes, I 
do still cry when there is something, which I wish that they could be there 
to share with me, but I get through it with help from the Lord!  I strongly 
believe that the knowledge of Eternal Families, which comes from the 
fulness of the everlasting gospel, can & does give us strength to get 
through these pains of loss of our loved ones!!!
Thank you for sharing the story of this young man & his testimony of 
Eternal Families!!!﻿The plan of Salvation is very very real.  I know it.  My Mom is in the 
Spirit World too.  She didn't leave as suddenly as this boys Mom, but I was 
equally comforted with the spirit just as he described.  It is the most 
wonderful feeling to know about these things.﻿I felt the spirit so much I cried a little it strengthened my belief that 
families can be together forever.﻿Wow! I started crying at 2.44. What a fine family. The courage shown by 
this family is inspiring...I am so grateful that the Saviour loved me so 
much that he created a plan, so that I can go back and live with him again 
with my family...﻿Thank you for this video. It was super spiritual. I cried a little. I love 
the plan of salvation and families. ﻿What a touching story. Thank you﻿Wonderful I can feel the holy spritim only 12 and felt the holy ghost strongly dearing this video i want to 
shear this with my young womans Such a moving story. That young man's testimony has strengthened mine so 
much. Thank you.I started to get watery eyes during that. Which never happens to a guy like 
me. Bless this church.My mom is waiting up their for me this I know Thank you for sharing your testimony. This month will be one year since I 
lost my oldest son. I too am grateful for my knowledge of the gospel and 
eternal families. I have learned this year that those who leave this world 
are close. Thank you for strengthening my testimony.it's a wonderfull story And its true toWonderful ! I agree. He truly knows death is not the end. They haven't left us, they 
aren't gone forever. They are simply waiting for us to return and live with 
them again. It's beautiful :') thank you for sharing ur story., i know that we all have our trials in 
life. some are harder then others. i know our father in heaven loves us all 
he is mindfull and is teaching us one way or another. it is beacuse of the 
gosple of jesus christ and the plan of salvation of our father that we all 
can be happy and saved. i have leanerned lots & have yet to learn more my 
trials makes me feel very little compare to others, but i know that we all 
can go to the temple n obtain the straight we needThis boy will grow up to be a wonderful Husband and Father! This is what is 
meant by the Gospel of Jesus Christ strengthens home and family.LOVE IT. the gospel is true! thank you for this boy's testimony... it has strengthened mine. this makes me sad and happy :) / :(Where is the love button? This is such a beautiful & touching video,so many 
lessons to learn.Hats off to this young man for his strength & continuous 
faith. "its not just about the here & now, its about eternity".I love the 
part where he says the key is @ keep an eternal perspective! That is so 
true, that's what d gospel teaches,thats how we should be &we can do this 
though it may be hard, & can have "even peace in this world, & eternal life 
in the world to come" (D&C 59:23) The gospel is true! i love the plan of salvation.. it keeps giving me hope that I can be with 
my family eternally as long as I do my part.. :)The reason I met the church was the dead of my Dad, I know I will se him 
again, and he is the strength to be stronger. Gospel Change lives, it 
changed mine.WARNING!!! Don't watch this during work unless you are comfortable with 
your co-workers watching you cry. Very moving.Lord we adore you for watching over usVery Good !Wow... Thank you!Soy de Buenos Aires , Argentina , pertenesco a la Estaca Castelar . Me 
gustaria , los videos y comentarios traducidos en español, what does it mean to have an eternal perspective? it is knowing that we can 
live with our Father in Heaven and our eternal family someday... but in 
order for us to have such precious gift, we have to endure all the 
hardships and trials in this life and overcome our imperfectionsThat was so touchingSo inspiring :)This is an amazing and inspiring story. Ceran Family, I cannot tell you how much I have been inspired by your 
actions... by your love and kindness! I often hear people tell me how 
strong I am or how they are so inspired by my positive attitude through all 
I have recently experienced and when they ask why I can only think of the 
example you all have shown! You are an inspiring young man.Sad and lovely at the same time. I miss my parents so much and yet every 
time I think of them I feel such peace and joy to know we will be together 
again. I know where they are and how happy they are, and that joy trumps my 
own grief every time. So thankful to know this is true! This story made me cry