i have no word to say! Elder Jefferey HOLLAND, you took my breath away as 
you gave this speech. so encouraging! i love you dearly﻿I need this, and I was seeking this, today.﻿Every single word is true.﻿I listened to this talk on one tab while listening to a loop of "Come Thou 
Fount of Every Blessing" on the other. The combination of sweet music with 
God-given wisdom was truly breathtaking and brought the spirit instantly. 
This was so motivating.﻿I love him so much.﻿His words are so powerful!﻿this was actually just what i needed to here. wow.﻿Powerful message the world needs to hear. I'm so grateful for prophets and 
apostles on the face of the earth today to deliver God's Word. Thank You 
Elder Holland...﻿Wonderful message. Thanks Elder Holland for this excellent talk. God bless 
you. ﻿TY Kiristen Gonzales, I needed that message from Thomas S Monson "We never 
walk alone" check it out if you have a minute. Sorry for posting this under 
Jeffrey R. Holland's talk that I enjoyed also.﻿This is a very inspiring speech by Elder Holland about overcoming addiction 
and sinful behaviour in our lives, having a strong spiritual sense of 
myself is very important. Having the church in my life is something I've 
always wanted, but I want a long, happy and successful life in the world 
too. The balance between my spiritual and secular lives is very important 
to me, I've tried living one or the other fully and it's given me much 
conflict, consternation and woe.

 I don't want to be one or the other, I want to find true spiritual and 
physical enlightenment, that all parts of myself can be enriched and I do 
want to attain salvation and heaven and be free from all evil and 
adversity. It's difficult no doubt, but I do want to avoid all addiction 
and to live as sin free as possible, as a member of the church, I know this 
is possible, but I don't want to deal in absolutes, I hope and pray that I 
can find the balance in my life so I can be happy and contented and be able 
to follow the gospel for all the days of my life.﻿"But we do not have to throw open the door, serve them tea and crumpets and 
then tell them where the silverware is kept! ...You shouldn't be serving 
tea anyway." 

I love Elder Holland! ﻿It is poison. It will clutter you. It will kill your faith in the gospel.﻿It is sad to think that the world would need this talk just to place it on 
the right path.﻿The repeated use of the word Jesus does not make a Christian. It is the 
life of that person that makes a Christian. Following the example of what 
Christ taught that makes you a Christian. I'm sorry that you judge this too 
quickly, because this man that is speaking is a man of God and has helped 
me in my life to think of Christ more on a daily basis.And you said you only watched the first 5 minutes. Reach 12 minutes, and 
you'll see where he goes with it with Christ.He is doing this because it needs to be done. Listen to his other talks, 
and in a lot of them you see relations of Jesus, and some plainly yelling 
out Jesus. And what he is saying is that we need to let go of pornography 
and return to Christ. I don't get how you don't see that. And just saying, 
I am LDS and a Christian. If you believe Christ is the Savior, than you are 
a Christian. I don't see how that doesn't link up.I know that these words came from the Spirit of our Savior Jesus Christ, I 
know that you have said it because of the Spirit of Truth that comes from 
Him which is the source of All Truths. If only all of us could see this 
then we would not all be blinded by our world today. Thank you brother... I 
could not deny that you are sent from God.This message is what i neededThank you so much! This is exactly what I needed to hear today. Such a powerful message. Excellent! :) Words can't express my adoration for this man and love for 
his message. I WILL GIVE PLACE NO MORE FOR THE ENEMY OF MY SOUL I want my 
soul to be as pure as it was meant to be. I thank God for these inspired 
words, this talk was an answer to my prayers and has helped me in 
understanding a very important message I needed to hear and share. Thank 
you Elder Holland! :)your messages truly inspired me. Thank you Elder Holland. I wish there were an " I love this" option. I not only liked this video, I 
LOVED it.holland is truly amazing.All you need is Jesus. No one else.I'm grateful for the words of the prophets. I was seeking just the right 
words and manner to instruct some of my fellow brothers-in-arms as to why I 
do not want to engage in watching pornography, lusting after any woman, or 
giving place for impure thoughts. Being the only active member amongst 
marines is challenging, but not impossible. The gospel is true. Thanks for 
your words of encouragement, Elder Holland. This is truly a God-inspired 
talk.Dear Brothers and Sisters - The only thing I ask of you is to find out who 
owns the media in the US, who own the News networks, who own the Federal 
Reserve, who are the majority of Big Business owners, Big Bankers, who were 
the people who started pornography, who are the majority of actors and 
actresses in Hollywood? Screen writers? Comedians? Now, what do they all 
have in common? They make up only 2% of the US population..Why are we not 
discussing this anomaly? Why is it not voiced? ~Sister H~What an important talk for the young men of our day.Truly inspired.... I can testify that lust is everywhere. Its hard to 
avoid, and if you don't protect yourself, it will catch up to you. I love Elder Holland and this talk. It has changed my life and the life of 
those I love.great I just listened to the first 5 minutes of this and I didn't hear a single 
word about "Jesus". Nope, this is not Christianity and nope, MormOnionism 
doesn't produce Christians its produces MormOnions. What a shame......:( Biologically the brain gives the viewer(the luster) a dose of dopamine 
everytime one looks with desire.Its the same chemical released from heroin 
use so naturally its very addictive..People think they are looking because 
of the person they are looking at but what they dont realise is that they 
are really after the chemical hit they are getting from looking.Next time u 
look lustfully notice how it makes u feel,the hit feels good but carries 
side effects.an ounce of pleasure for a pound of pain thanks Elder Holland That is what the Blessing of the Atonement is for...=0) There is no better 
time to start than now ;D May Heavenly Father Bless you and walk with you. greatest talk in history The Holy Spirit literally flooded me a I watched this.President Jeffrey R Holland is such an amazing speaker..this talk made me 
realize I'm not the person I used to be.Elder Holland is my hero!Anyone that doesn't like this or realize the spirit with which it is given, 
is sad and needs a reality check.. What a heartfelt and serious 
conversation that will lead us from bondage to our Savior..I would like to share my thoughts in regards to this wonderful message. The 
sin of Lust is horrible and is malicious with its destructive path. 
However, my personal; opinion is that IF a man OR women loves his spouse 
AND they enjoy the oneness, selfless and bond that comes from true, 
compassionate physical intimacy between each other. For us Men, compassion 
and intimacy lie at the very core of a solid virtuous relationship. Please 
know these acts of Lust and Sin happen with Women too! Yay!Que comentarios podría hacer un simple mortal como yo a un profeta del 
Señor?,nada,..solo obedecer ¡ ¡ el dice la verdad ¡ y hay que considerarla 
con toda la energía de nuestras almas y agradecer to the most high God for 
his word to us because he loves us and guide us by prophets today like to 
our ancient brethren.Thank you for an amazing talk Elder Holland. We all love you too! It pains me that so many suffer in sin, and feel it is their responsibility 
to fix the problem. Until a man is born of the Spirit, he will be subjected 
to the natural man. Your sinful self is meant to turn you to Christ, you 
are supposed to come to the realization that you cannot do it, you cannot 
overcome it, and you need Christ. You are to go to Christ with these issues 
and learn of Him for He is meek and lowly in heart and desires to get in 
that yoke and pull with you. You must learn of Him!O.o Oh my goodness. I have a lot of sins I need to repent for. I've been 
ignorant. Thank you for an inspiring talk, it really strengthen my faith and enhanced 
the love i have for my loving family...thank you so much for the words of 
love.My wife is out of town, and this video is exactly what i needed to hear on 
Valentines day. True love is what most of human kind is seeking,I feel this 
desire of true love even more after hearing this talk. I love my wife 
Sabrina and my son Maximus!goodgreat talk.. "You shouldn't be serving tea anyway..." Oh Elder Holland! You're a great 
speaker...Truly inspired! Bless your heart sir :)Elder Holland always gives great talks! Such a powerful speaker.I love the clarifying definitions between love and lust. Powerful.It's true, I was affected myself, because my school showed us the 
maturation vidio, and for some reason I thought it was ok because to have a 
chiled you have to... You know... So I was stupid enough to go to a porn 
site to see that. I will do my best to not to sucumb to temtation again.I have had the priviledge of meeting this wonderful man in person and his 
love for his fellowman is evident. This talk really hit home with me 
because my last marriage was destroyed in large part because of my former 
husband's addiction to pornography. Thank you, Elder Holland for this much 
needed message.That man is amazing! What a great talk! This was an incredibly inspiring talk. It helped me so much. Elder Holland 
is, without doubt, my favorite speaker.It would be nice if the full link to the talk was posted with the videoI love Elder Holland so much. He is truly very inspured. He speaks through 
the holy spiritI appreciate Elder Holland speaking out on the truth"Bold we need to be." Do not tolerate this type of behavior in our selves, 
in others or our society. Do what ever it takes to avoid this plague! I 
choose love not lust!I love Jeffrey R Holland and his no-bones-about-it style.You shouldn't be serving tea anyway!Amen.I love this man. Inspiration is SO incredible.Wait a minute, did he say "imagination?" Even just thinking about it is 
deadly? Wow.One of the best!Amazing Talk! Thank you for speaking so clear Elder Holland...you are truly 
inspired.So wonderful.this a awesome talk by elder Holland.........and don't be serving tea....lolAmen!!!This was such a powerful and wonderful talk. I love Elder Holland!!!!One of the best talks this conference! Such awesome words from a man truly 
inspired of God!