what a great commentary, coming from a leader in an organization that ran 
my parents into the ground with their incessant overwhelming demands, to 
the extent that I barely spent any time at all with my parents, and my 
parents were always completely spent. @RileyZoid When I was a missionary knocking on doors, it never ran through 
my mind to change or challenge anyone's beliefs but to just have the 
opportunity to share that which I value & hold precious to my heart. I 'd 
be sad if the person on the other side of the door preferred not to but I 
respected their decision. What we choose to do either pleases God or it 
doesn't but the gift to choose is a gift we're given because of the Savior. 
He lives & we'd be amazed at how well He knows each of us.It is Very hard sometimes to be a Parent, however why would we not want to 
do our best, after all the rewards of doing your best,can outweigh the 
sorrow and pain you feel when your children rebel, and make choices that 
have Dire Consequences that last a lifetime and beyond, at least you can 
stand before the judgement bar without guilt, You did your Best! You know 
it and God knows it.I am an atheist and i still feel this is a good message i just do not 
believe the supernatural parts of religion but i do believe in the morals 
it can teach.I am completely amazed that people cannot take a great message at its face 
value. I don't care you you are, or what belief system you give reverence 
to, this is a message of value. Look at it as such and leave all your 
baggage in the closet.don't you believe in God? and Jesus? Jesus is my savior, and my Lord. He's 
the King of Kings and Prince of Peace. Jesus Christ loves me, and this very 
reader. The ONLY WAY to eternal life is through him. God's very book tells 
us that. He's the one and ONLY way. I guarantee it, it's the truth. PURE 
TRUTH@RileyZoid We don't change people's beliefs. You can only change them 
yourself. We present an idea, you can either follow it or not. We give you 
a choice. If you do not follow it, then you decide not to change. And 
that's that.They aren't there to force you to change your beliefs, only to share this 
glad message that we know to change lives for the better. @RileyZoid Nobody has the right to try and change your beliefs - but they 
really do have their hearts in what they're saying, and knocking on doors 
offering to share their beliefs doesn't really count as trying to change 
you. You're at perfect liberty to just invite them in and discuss anything 
you want, or to slam the door in their face, or anything in between. The 
choice is yours mate, any missionary who is trying to make you change is 
doing it wrong and I'm glad to not have met any like that.Well, the quality of shoes is an objective thing. Other things are 
subjective. Best is often in the eye of the beholder, is it not? And I do 
not thing we need religion to lead us in this regard. Let's just be awake 
to life.@RileyZoid I.E. every religion in the world.I respect your religion, but my pet peave is when an somone comes to my 
house trying to change my beliefsI love it a lot :DThanks for sharing!!! :D