what is the name of dis full movie please,,,﻿i love u mama mary﻿Where to watch the full movie I live in Costa Rica central america and dont 
know how to find it here but through internet is possible...would you 
please let me know?﻿Mark 3:21 implies that Jesus mother and sister in no way believed in his 
ministry and in fact called him crazy.﻿God and Queen Elizabeth the Second?Only one.The understanding that the brethren of the Lord were Jesus’ 
stepbrothers (children of Joseph) rather than half-brothers (children of 
Mary) was the most common one until the time of Jerome (4th century). In 
Jewish idiom, cousins were also referred to as "brethren." The Catholic 
Church allows the faithful to hold either view, since both are compatible 
with the reality of Mary’s perpetual virginity. Luke and Matthew stress 
that Jesus' conception was by a virgin through the Holy Spirit.Because Islam and Christianity came from Abraham, both of which are from 
the God/YWH/Allah. That is why I still don't understand why some people 
from these great religions hate each other.Just recall the name changes of Abram to Abraham ("father" to "father of 
the multitudes") in Genesis 17:5, Sarai to Sarah ("my princess" to 
"princess"), etc. In each case, the names reveal something permanent about 
the one named. Luke uses the perfect passive participle, kekaritomene, as 
his "name" for Mary. This word literally means "she who has been graced" in 
a completed sense. Christians are not completed in grace and in a permanent 
sense (Phil. 3:8-12). But according to the angel, Mary is.First, according to biblical scholars (as well as Pope John Paul II), the 
angel did more than simply greet Mary. The angel actually communicated a 
new name or title to her. (cf. Redemptoris Mater, 8, 9). In Greek, the 
greeting was kaire, kekaritomene, or "Hail, full of grace." When one 
greeted another with kaire, a name or title would be found in the immediate 
context. The fact that the angel replaces Mary’s name in the greeting with 
"full of grace" was anything but common. (cont.)Well, if you will strictly adhere to "all" or "men" have sinned, wouldn't 
that logically mean that Jesus, who became man, sinned? In the same light, 
why would God choose a blemished person to be the vessel of His son? Angel 
Gabriel will not say "Hail, full of Grace, the Lord is with you" to someone 
tainted, wouldn't he? Original sin is not something we do; it is something 
we’ve inherited. Romans chapter three deals with personal sin because it 
speaks of sins committed by the sinner. thanks mamma for todoS Mary was a sinner(Romans 3:23;Luke 2:21-24;Psalm 51:5), was later 
saved(Luke 1:46-47). She was chosen as a vessel for Jesus, by God(Luke 
1:38). She was blessed by having Jesus(Luke 1:48) and that's it. She is not 
the "Queen of Heaven" and she called herself a "handmaid". Luke 1:38 "And 
Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy 
word. And the angel departed from her."ALLAH GIVES MARRY AND HER SON JESUS"PEACE BE UPON HIM" SPECIAL CARE ; SHE 
IS THE ONLY WOMAN IN THE EARTH MENTIONED BY NAME IN THE HOLY QUR'AN IN A 
BIG BIG PART "MERIEM SURA" , ALLAH WANTS US TO TAKE HER AS AN IDEAL TO AL 
WOMEN MUSLIMS OR CHRISTIANS OF STRONG FAITH AND CONSTANCY. IT IS AN HONER 
TO MEET HER IN HEAVEN. it wasn't a hijab at all...that piece of cloth they wear is used to cover 
their hair during sandstorm..protect them from heat of the sun..as you see 
her hair was still visible..even men at that time they also were almost the 
same cloth for same purpose..THIS GUY IS CHRISTIAN.How many children Mary has? And what is there names?Why is Mary wearing a hijab?How old was Mary when she had Jesus?The mother of Jesus, the one chosen to carry the Savior of the world, a 
blessed, sacred, singular calling. Blessed. I'm not mormon but i love this. teared up a bit. good video:)I LOVE YOU MARY, MOTHER OF JESUS !!!! MARY in ISLAM is a great figure. She is the only lady mentioned by name in 
Qur’an. A chapter (no. 19) is named after Mary. Qur’an tells about her 
birth when her mother was upset when she knew it was a girl but God said 
she will not be an ordinary child. Qur’an also tells her childhood, how 
righteous she was, how she conceived Jesus without a father and gave birth 
to Jesus. No manger, no Joseph, she was alone. Nobody can hold tears if 
s/he reads those wonderful passages from Qur’an. I wanted to watch this vid...but it won't play... Great job on the video, especially to a beloved daughter of our Heavenly 
Father, Mary!The title of Mother is not given, it is earned through love and at times 
pained sacrifice. Let us translate the honor and respect for Mary, by 
giving our own Mothers the love and respect they so deserve. I believe that 
is what Christ, in essence, is teaching us through his example.Thank you for this lovely video. To be called by God to be Jesus' mother 
she had to be an extraordinary woman. I never thought about her being there 
in the crowd when he was condemned to death. How hard and devastating that 
must have been for her. She is not given enough respect or honor for her 
role in our salvation. The fact that Our Lord in his last moments looked 
after his mother shows what love he had for her and we should also respect 
and honor for what she gave us...Jesus. Thanks for these great video's! It really helps me visualize the biblical 
stories. We as Christians alike must not forget that although not everyone 
has the same manners of confessing and serving God, that we are all the 
body of Jesus!this is legitThank you for being so delicate. Simplicity is usually best. Thanks again.The actress is British, actually.Good video but those actors are way too American looking.This is a a very good video. Thank you, job well done. Thank you to the 
First Presidency, I am grateful for these gifts from Christmas, "Bible 
vignettes"! They are a treasure and a blessing of inspiration.Thanks for sharing this video.great job on this production, it's nicely done and also nice to show 
finally something about the greatest of all women ever born in the history 
of our earth. The greatest Jewish female as well chosen to be the mother of 
the Only Begotten of the All-Father-God, if anyone can be a hero it should 
be obvious her Son is Our Savior. We don't realize how important she was. 
When I think of Mary I think of Rebekah and Isaac with the same respect and 
honor. Really love this music.