Inspiring messages..I love the prophet and magnificient music...!﻿So Beautiful, the Message and the music too!﻿We have new temples! Thanks President Thomas S Monson.Inspiring! thank you. But like the say goes... Where are the Sister?This is SOOO great. Thankyou for making this collection of "General 
Conference Highlights". Please keep doing so:)I absolutely LOVE this video. I have recently been reading the Ensign 
containing the conference talks of this specific conference and this video 
has touched everything that has stood out to me while reading the talks. I 
am so thankful for general conference! It's such a testimony builder and I 
love listening to Thomas S. Monson and his counselors and Quorom of the 12. 
God speaks through them for us in this wicked world, how can we not listen?I love the president Monson. I sincerely love the melodic overture behind the Divinely-inspired messages 
this channel brings - I am just as grateful for these teachings as I am of 
the Gospels of Christ. Blessed be the messengers; blessed be the message; 
and blessed be the ears of the recipients! @sideslide23 The bicentennial... sweet!!It is truly amazing how strong the spirit is as one listens to this.... I 
love it and am greatful it is posted for all to see.Viva Portugal!! I'm excited for you!the building is soooo pretty :)Urdaneta, Philippines! Third temple for the Philipines in Urdaneta City, 
Pangasinan...wow! I love this conference :) I truly believe in the words of 
a Prophet. Let's keep ourselves pure and clean...so great to hear all the highlights wrapped together. It's one big message 
that I needed to hear :)I was able to attend conference for the first time at this conference. I am 
so glad I was able to attend. This video is very nice. Like this if more than one topic mentioned applies 
to you.Totally awesome!!! :)I loved this and the beautiful messages given. It was a perfect reminder of 
all the great counsel and blessings we are promised if we endure. Thank you!Great Conferenceloved it. thank you for uploading this.i love to see the temple...i appreciate our dear prophet and leadership. 
YEAH for each temple currently open, those under construction, those 
announced ! stay worthy, stay clean, stay ready. the blessings are there 
for each of us whom are able to attend. i and my husband want to serve a 
couples mission someday. I am so grateful that we are priveleged in our day to have a prophet and 
apostles.I would like to add about 500 highlights to these. this messages although so simple resonate so deep in every aspect of my 
life, in so many levels, God gives us the solutions before the problems 
come, and they are usually very simple.This is wonderful. I hope these are continued each conference! very good conference! thanks for this!:D thank you.