The lord is my Shepard and i will follow him!﻿He is our father are true father he loves us so very much, lets walk like 
him and talk like him.﻿Trust in the shepherd.
His voice can be heard.
Green pastures await
Beyond His sure gate.
Beware of the wolf
Who seeks more than wool;
Who seeks to destroy
What's good to enjoy!
Heed the shepherd's voice.
The rewards are choice.
To those of His fold
Come blessings untold.﻿"No man taketh my life. I layeth it down myself"
 Powerful! I am a sheep. I admit when I was young in Christ. I would read 
and listen to these parables and didn't understand them. But today, I 
understand them so clearly. Amen..﻿♡﻿ Gal 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel 
unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. That's a great question, Roland. Not everything that Jesus said or did is 
included in the New Testament (I wish we did - it would be wonderful). In 
fact, Paul refers to words that we have nowhere recorded in the New 
Testament: "...remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is 
more blessed to agive than to receive" (Acts 20:35). I personally want to 
get and understand as much of the Lord's teachings as possible, and do my 
best to live them.The Savior speaks on multiple levels of symbolism. "And other sheep I have which are not of this fold, them also I must bring 
and they shall hear my voice." We know the Savior speaks truly and on 
multiple levels of symbolism. The Savior was also speaking of the people in 
the Americas or the Book of Mormon peoples. And somewhere in the book of 
mormon ( I forget where somehwere in 3 Nephi) the Savior says he has people 
he has not ministered to that are not from the land north south east or 
west to whom he will minister in the future. In Jewish culture then as well as now, there are only "them" and "us". The 
"them" being gentiles and the "us" being Jews. Not sure how one can take 
the verse in John 10 and allude the "other" sheep to include " a lost tribe 
of Israel" when the only other sheep Jesus could be referring to and 
prophesying is the non-Jews, the gentiles. Why is it then that Jesus does 
not refer to the lost tribe of Israel anywhere else in the New Testament or 
any other writer in the New Testament? Wow . The words he speaks are so true to my experience, i hear him , not 
with physical ears, but in my heart, I know he is the truth Reading the scriptures is one type of experience. But seeing and hearing 
gives additional strength to our belief. Thanks to the up loaders of this 
program me, giving scope for enlargement of faith on JESUS by watching and 
listening.I don't think I've ever watched an LDS video that I haven't loved, because 
the Spirit is so strong thru them, you really feel you are there watching 
the Saviour or the apostles etc. Nothing shows evidence of the apostasy 
more than the words of Peter & Paul in the new testament, The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints is His restored Church on earth for sure.What is your point?Love this, a beautiful portrayalThere are a lot of actors in lds movies that are not Mormon.Your prophet Lorenzo Snow married a 15 year old when he was 57 years old as 
his 9th wife. Why does this scream to my heart, spirit and soul, WRONG, 
FILTHY? Yet your prophet declared it was from God?Can you imagine sitting at Jesus' feet and hearing him bear witness of His 
mission as the Savior of the World and as your personal Shepherd? I am one 
of His sheep. I hope I grow to know Him better each day and to know His 
voice.He lives! I love my savior in heaven. Cant wait to see him again soon 
father I am coming home:)Just a thought. Maybe because God, His father, is white, and between Him 
and Mary He has the dominant Genes,Is Bale a Mormon? If not it's probably not him.Jesus Christ is the Good Shepherd. Because of His love for us and in 
obedience to the commandments of His Father, He invites all people to come 
unto Him. He offers forgiveness for our sins and blessings for our 
happiness. He seeks out people where they are, no matter how far they have 
strayed. His mercy extends to people of all nations everywhere and even to 
those who died before they could accept the Gospel. We pray that all people 
may accept Him as their Savior and keep His commandments.Jesus never visited the land of the Gentiles in person, so this verse 
cannot refer to the Gentiles. He forbade His Apostles to teach Gentiles or 
Samaritans until He instructed Peter to open the work to those countries, 
which occurred after Jesus' resurrection and which He did not do in person, 
as He promises here. The other sheep are the descendants of Lehi, as 
recounted in the Book of Mormon.I used to agree with that - however I realize it is such a vague answer 
that it isn't even an answer. The gentiles? that is saying the entire rest 
of the world that weren't original Isrealites - Everyone else literally. So 
that response is no longer valid to me. It doesn't explain anything - sorry 
I just had to comment on that because I used to think that way until I 
realized who the Hebrews meantRead John 10:16, 3 Nephi 15:21-24, and 3 Nephi 16:1-3 I know this is true. 
Read James 1:5 and Moroni 10:4-5 You can know the truth for yourself. The 
Book of Mormon is another Testament of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Trust 
in God. He loves you so much. He listens to and answers your prayers. He 
knows what will bring you the greatest happiness and success in this life, 
and the life to come. We all ought to constantly ask ourselves how we can 
better heed Jesus' invitation: "Come, Follow Me". Does this not touch your very soul and spirit? Thank you for creating these 
wonderful videos for all to view and share. The other sheep as described are those members of the Lost tribes who were 
not in Jerusalem. The other sheep Jesus is talking about are the Gentiles. I love the re-enactments of the Saviour and his teachings! This'll be a 
little off topic, does anyone else think that the Actor playing Jesus looks 
like Christian Bale? Not that it would matter if he did.Jesus was from the tribe of Judah. That is what dictated his skin color.Why is Jesus white...Incomprehensible love!He lives! Prayer is real! If I could only tell you the reality of the power 
of prayer! Faith like alma 32 brought me to my knees to pray after loosing 
my grandma I was given comfort.He is knocking on your door are we going to 
open it for our savior? "Other sheep I have which are not of this fold". How grateful I am to know 
of the Savior's ministry in the ancient Americas from the Book of Mormon.The spirit is strong with this videoimportantAgain on this video, the closed caption is very messed up, please have 
someone fix this so that the closed caption is accurate. I know with an absolute assurance that Jesus is the Christ of whom is 
prophesied in the Old Testament. His is the ONLY name by which entrance 
into heaven may be obtained. Although I am a sinner, a person of weakness 
and shame, I may one day see my Father because of the grace afforded my by 
my Shepard Jesus Christ!Can we follow in his footsteps? Humbled.The "hireling" are those who preach for money, fame and power and not 
through the Spirit.Grateful for all these Bible videos!Beautiful!Everything he speaks of is so much full of love and truth...Love this! Beautiful!Absolutely great. Thank you very muchPerfect timing for this.I would love to know who the actor is who plays Jesus in these videos. He 
has such a unique and fascinating accent. That was beautifulwow, I love these video's the spirit is so strong when I watch them. The 
Savior Jesus Christ lives, that I know to be true. I love the symbolism that Christ uses :)Truly amazing, thank you.Amazing. These videos truly bring me closer to Christ :)I love these videos. They are so beautifully done.