I will forever be grateful to Joseph's desire to understand the Lord's will 
for him. This shared knowledge has given me an understanding of our 
Heavenly Father's plan for our happiness as his children. I testify that 
the truths he had revealed to him of our eternal existence has given my 
earthly life meaning and the greatest of joy in my family life.There is nothing wrong with being skeptical. For many of us who have 
researched other faiths, we had to go through a period of time of disbelief 
and eventually discarded those others as not true. However, it still 
required an honest heart to learn the truth. Respect and honest learning 
teach truth. My testimony of Joseph Smith as a prophet comes from my study 
of the Bible. If you truly want to learn and know, the Lord will teach you. I'm not trying to be disrespectful, but I'm trying to understand your 
religion. Let's say a man came to me today and told me he saw God and Jesus 
a few years ago when he was 15 years old who gave him a message that all 
churches were corrupt and he had been personally chosen to start a new 
religion. I think any sane man would be very skeptical of such a story. I 
might even think he was trying to swindle money out of me (or others). 
Wouldn't you agree?Right On! :)But in the same chapter we read: "And the Lord spake unto Moses face to 
face, as a man speaketh unto his friend." (Ex. 33:11) What changed between 
v11 and 20? See Heb. 12:14, John 6:46 to understand. Others saw or will see 
God (Gen. 32:30, Ex. 24:9-11, 1 Kings 11:9, Isa. 6:1&5, Matt. 5:8). Those 
who see him become temporarily more than a mere man Ex. 34:29, 2 Cor. 3:7, 
Matt. 17:2.l would like to boldly say that Joseph Smth saw the living God and our 
Savior. Also that Jesus is coming again. And very soonIn the 1835 account Joseph said he also saw many angels in the first 
vision. At no time did Joseph reveal everything he learned in the first 
vision since there were many things he could not write, which he saw and 
heard.Could I dialogue with the gentleman narrating the movie> I want to ask some 
serious questionsOne thing I love about this story is that it shows the faith of a young boy 
who honestly believed that God loved him and wanted to answer his prayer. 
Is it so hard to believe in a God who cares that much about His children? 
Also, I love that Joseph wanted to share that love with other people. I 
know that when I feel God's love, I want to tell other people about it too. 
He wasn't trying to hurt anyone. He was simply trying to have a better 
relationship with God and help others to do the same."Mormon Jesus?" we believe in the same Jesus that all Christians believe. 
We believe that he atoned for our sins and was crucified, we believe that 
through him all men may be saved if they would repent and come unto him. He 
is the beloved son of God.It seems like many people have been spreading falsehoods about joseph smith 
and also about the LDS church. Just read the scriptures we love ( The Holy 
Bible and The Book of Mormon) they are truly wonderful and go perfectly 
hand in hand. As a an atheist I think all religions are equally absurd. With that being 
said I can't for the life of me understand why Mormons get all the flack of 
being a cult. " The way to see by faith is to shut the eye of reason" 
Benjamin FranklinVideos like this aren't intended to make people angry. They're intended to 
increase knowledge and awareness. You don't have to believe it. I don't 
agree with a lot of things taught in other faiths, however, I would never 
take time out of my life, while I'm happy and living what I believe to tear 
apart others. Isn't it more worthwhile to be happy, content, and secure in 
your own life then to tear apart others beliefs--not to enlighten them, but 
simply to tear them apart?I grew up in Los Angeles and served my LDS mission in Mississippi and based 
on experiences from both, am well aware how many view the Prophet as a liar 
and that myself and others in the church are "going to Hell." I have to 
say, while I'm flattered by those with these feelings who deep down mean 
well by them and are truly concerned for my soul, you need not worry about 
me or my own. I know, deep down, that Joseph Smith really did see God the 
Father and Jesus Christ. Amen.I know that Joseph Smith Saw what he said he saw. I have prayed to know if 
it was true. My answer came from God through the Holy Ghost just like the 
Bible promises us. There are many rumors and myths about The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. If you want to know if it is right, 
investigate it. Read the Book of Mormon and ask God if it is true. I did 
and I know it is the word of God and testifies that Jesus is the Christ. If 
you read it think about it and ask God you will know too.Sorry but not true. His father was a church leader until he died.I imagine the first vision to have been a supernal spiritual experience. 
Anybody who has experienced any extraordinary spiritual inspiration or 
revelation knows that putting the experience into words is quite difficult 
and in some respects, impossible. The four accounts of the first vision 
reflect that verity. There is a possibility that no part of the vision was 
verbal as we know it. The final version in the scriptures was revealed to 
convey important spiritual truths—not as a precise recap. He died for this church. He knew what he knew and could not deny it. I know 
this is the true gospel of Jesus Christ, and that if you follow his 
commandments, you will find true happiness aswel. Its as simple as that. I 
find true happiness in Christ.I'm happy. It's possible to be happy yo, and all I know is this church is 
the reason behind it. It gives me a real reason to get up in the morning 
and be the best I can be, and because of that, I really am happy. Just because hes mormon doesnt mean hes happy noone is happy in the worldLook I might not be Mormon but my stepfather is and he's given my Mother 
true happiness when all her life she has been miserable from abuse of all 
kinds and financial victimization by men with evil in their hearts. He's a 
wonderful man and even though she is extremely sick now she still smiles 
and is happy and I can only thank the teachings of Joseph Smith for 
producing the character of the man who has granted my mom the only true 
happiness she has had aside from her two sons. -A Catholic Man.I would just like to point out that while there are differences in the four 
accounts there are NO contradictions. The Four Gospels have differences 
between themselves with regards to details, time frames, sequential order, 
etc. We know the first four books of the New Testament are true even with 
these differences. There is no reason to discard Joseph's account as false 
for different details being emphasized in each individual account. The only logical choice is to not follow any religion at all. They were all 
created out of either ignorance or a desire to control and manipulate 
people.The more you know...Faith means much more than that. Proclaiming your views in public mean that 
you obviously have faith in them, while having no proof that God does not 
exist. You could probably learn from your own words. If you were to share a spiritual experience that happened 15-18 years ago 
in your life: What would you say? How would you say it? Would your interim 
experience and knowledge inform how you talked about this earlier event? 
And,might your memory focus more on the key purposes you've since come to 
recognize than on your personal concerns and specific dates? If there is an 
inadequacy in his ability to recall specifics from 15-18 years earlier, so 
be it.I am sorry your heart is so hard. Mormons live their faith because they 
believe in it, not because you approve. I could quote many scriptures from 
the bible saying how you should NOT judge other, just like you quoted 
scriptures to prove your point, but I do not think that will ever change 
you. It is very hypocritical to quote scripture to condemn one man, yep 
disregard one of the very basic teaches of the Lord. Matthew 7:3 Glad you posted this. As I read different accounts, I consider the intended 
audience, the purpose, Joseph's level of comfort in sharing details, and 
the timeline--just as you or I may describe the something that happened to 
us differently to different people at different times. 15-18 years out, we 
get the popularized account that offers important perspective -- a 
perspective back-filled by years of experience, revelation, and confidence 
that were not present in the earlier personal accounts. Love this vid, love learning about Joseph Smith - prophet or not, he did a 
lot of neat and interesting things!Amen I say to that. No religion, in my perspective, deserves hatred, mockery, and contempt. 
Other than myself making an educated conjecture of your personal Atheism, I 
would never say a harsh word against your belief in no god. Many would say 
that your faithless viewpoint deserves the most contempt or mockery because 
most of the population is some kind of Gnostic, having a belief in a Higher 
Power. I am not saying that you can not disrespect, I am just saying you 
shouldn't be hateful or discriminatory...It is nice to see someone with this attitude. Those who use the Old 
Testament should have respectful tolerance of other beliefs as part of 
their doctrine as Joshua 24:15 reads And if it seem evil unto you to serve 
the Lord, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which 
your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods 
of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we 
will serve the Lord. We should all follow Joshua's example.Interesting.@PhillipSchoen It is wrong for you to be so sarcastic to a foundational 
belief of a faith. If you do not care for what the Church is teaching, 
please redirect your comments elsewhere. Religious tolerance is granted to 
many, so please do not disrespect. ~ Not A Latter-Day SaintI do not care for the cowardly sarcasm that people apply to their flagrant 
disrespect of an entire faith. 14.5 million people believe that Joseph 
Smith saw God the Father and His Son. Please, I beg you...ignore if you 
must, but do not be disrespectful of beliefs. It is wrong. Redirect 
yourself to videos more fitting to the ones you require.LDS believe in a personal Savior.no jk, IT SHO' IS LEGIT!!!!! Nice job