Thank you﻿Lilfro, his name is Elder Robert D. Hales. He is an Apostle of the Lord 
Jesus Christ. ...after healing his leg we were driving home and came upon a car broken 
down at an intersection full of elderly ladies. I said yes I can fix that 
too:). I went over to the car and as I walk to the car a mechanic walked up 
to his window and said your friend is wasting his time. I just looked at it 
and it is going to need to be towed. I didn't hear this. I ask the ladies 
if they minded if I said a prayer for the car. They agreed. When finished I 
stared the car and drove them to gas station.I teach people how to fly paramotors. When training I had a student pull a 
mussel. It was really bad and he couldn't move his leg. He realized he 
would not be able to continue training to fly so he was arranging his 
flight plans to go home. I told him hey I can fix that. He was not LDS but 
agreed to let me give him a blessing. The next morning he was out running 
as fast as he possibly could with 85 lbs on his back. Driving back for the 
day he asked question after question...what's this guy's name?I would like to use this video for a class I'm teaching...anyone know how 
to download it?I know that being in the teachers quorum i have recived many blessing in my 
life that have changed my life so much. And im grateful to a have a loving 
father to be there for me when needed and to help me out. I am 15 and im 
blessed to be a member of The Church Of Jesus Christ Of Later Day Saints. 
Amen.I'm proud to be a Melchizedek Priesthood holder at the age of 19. It's 
truly a blessing in my life. I still do the sacrament since we don't have 
many Aaronic Priesthood holders because there's not that many in our ward. 
I don't mind. It's a privilege to do what Jesus Christ did.I love the Priesthood and have truly fond memories of Seminary.Powerful message. What a great way to share it with the world.I am so fortunate to have received the Blessing of Priesthood.The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is such a peace oriented 
faith. In priesthood blessings, in all of the ordinances (Christian 
ritual), music and prayers there is simplicity without any kind of 
pretentiousness that one finds in many of the sects of Christianity where 
people put on a phony spectacle and act like they are on some kind of crazy 
drug. This seems far more real and far more Christian than the majority of 
the Christian sects I have visited.I am so thankful the Lds have gotten it right, to include everyone no 
matter what there creed or culture. It is good to see this coming to light, 
for christ denied noone to his house!!This is the key to the gospel of Jesus Christ and the authority to act in 
the name of God on the earth and to seal on earth what will also be sealed 
in heaven.Amen! Brother/SIster, it was so wonderful to read your testimoney. I agree 
with you. How easy would it have been for Joseph to say WOah this is to 
much no I wont do it. But he didn't! He did the will of the father and look 
what has come of it. Truth was brught back tot he earth. Its a great 
blessing and I am honored to call myself a holder of the priesthood and a 
member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. AmenWe are so blessed to have the Priesthood of God on earth!!! He loves us so 
much, He wants us to share in with His work!!! 8-)♥I am greatful that i am belong to the Church of our eternal GOD. We have 
blessed because of the priesthood power i knew its true. Im greatful for 
the prophet joseph smith, he was the instrument to restore this power of 
God.I knew god loves us. im happy for our living prophet today they all 
true and called of God. The message are clear and beatiful. AmenIts wonderful message, its clear and greatwhen you see the beautiful things on the earth you wonder how could there 
not be a god how could there not be a true gospel. the world today is 
corrupt and there are few people that can make it right and the people who 
act in gods name are a few of those peopleThis video is great. I am very happy to see how easy it is to find out 
information about our church online. Anyone with any question is capable of 
finding a true, correct answer. This video is wonderful and makes me proud 
to be a priesthood holder. I love our church and am so grateful for finding 
it.Thank you for sharing our beliefs with the world!I am so grateful that the church is speaking up and sharing our message 
online. Thank you!!!Do you not need the priesthood during baptisms, blessings, and eternal 
marriage ceremonies? They are there for the peoples benefit, and the lord 
does not cease to deliver his gifts through men upon all of his children. 
The priesthood gives us blessings we cannot comprehend. I have faith that 
those who speak in the name of the lord will speak the truth through the 
discerning of the spirit. One of those sacred ordinances is the patriarchal 
blessings that you can receive for guidance and safety.Priesthood blesses families in this earth and for eternity. All we need the 
existence of this authority, " [...because] in the ordinances thereof, the 
power of godliness is manifest [&]...without the ordinances thereof, and 
the authority of the priesthood, the power of godliness is not manifest 
unto men in the flesh " (D&C 82:20-1).Great Message. Amen!You can receive the blessings of the priesthood without having the 
priesthood. Women don't hold the priesthood because they don't need it, but 
if a man wants to make it to the celestial kingdom he has to have the 
priesthood conferred upon him.Your question starts one direction, and ends another. 1) The Priesthood is 
"available" to everyone. 2) Holding the priesthood is only available to 
worthy male members of the LDS church. 3) Women do not hold the priesthood 
for the same reason that men to not hold motherhood. Everyone has equal 
access to all of God's blessings.i am so grateful for the restored Church of Jesus Christ on earth today and 
the Priesthood which our Heavenly Father giveth unto us to have the 
authority to perform sacred ordinances in His name.I like this video, i sent the link to my soon to be wife and her non-member 
parents. they thought it to be very uplifting. may the church, the creator, 
and the cause or righteousness never cease to carry forward the work of God 
the Father and God the Son.thank u for this great glad message about the priesthood i just someday i 
might bless other people even so in the mission fieldIt brings peace to my soul and gives me great hope.The great creator spoke and things were created! All by the power of the 
Priesthood of God. I know this is true. This talk by Elder Hales teaches us 
something so important. The Priesthood is real and it can bless our lives 
if we believe in Christ and believe in His power to heal and in His power 
to command with such power that the elements I they will obey.The priesthood blesses families.The Priesthood is such an amazing blessing in the lives of members of The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints!This is an incredible, and true video. Many fight against this Church, but 
this Church has the true blessing of the true and living God. I may not yet 
hold the Melchizedek Priesthood, but I have had many blessings from being 
an Aaronic Priesthood holder. I thank God for my many blessings, one of 
them being to hold an appendage of His glorious and endless Priesthood. I 
can hardly wait until the age were I can hold the Melchizedek Priesthood 
and bless others lives furthermore. Thank you.I was baptized some months ago. This is the work of the Lord! He lives and 
does the will of his father. I love my Redeemer Jesus Christ!This is great! Share it with those in the mission field so that they can 
easily share it with investigators ro people they have taught!I am surprised that comments and ratings are enabled on the videos on this 
channel. There are so many trolls online that I would have thought they'd 
have forced these features to be shut down. Anyway, good idea, good video, 
good channel. Subscribed!This was lovely to listen to. It seems to make so much sense.Beautiful speech!AWESOME VIDEO, please keep them coming, they uplift my soul and strengthen 
me.Power to do good!Thank you, what a great message on and definition of the Priesthood of GodAmen