To be honest, mistakes are actually important. If we don't make any 
mistakes we may seem perfect, but actually mistakes can help us learn what 
we have done wrong﻿this is very sad i like it﻿Finnaly a video that is about god or jesus and the bible﻿This stop motion was awesome. :)﻿
Que el bullying está mal﻿Todos hacemos algo hay que decir ya no hay bullyn﻿Be yourself.. It doesn't matter how others think..﻿we all make mistakes and we can all be forgiven﻿Thank you for the script!!
I love studying english watching this kind of video.
Ths script help me a lot.^^*﻿That was beautiful. I love that quote at the end so much.Thanks for your comment, Frederik. Really appreciate your kind words.I suppose maybe the other kids could represent society's norms for right 
and wrong. Sometimes seeing "everyone else" doing something makes us want 
to do it, even though we have been taught that we should avoid that 
behavior. I hardly ever cry. But this made my eyes water. Though i am no mormon and 
don't intend to become a mormon, I have the deepest respect for your 
religion as well as any other which focus around love. The way mormons see 
mariage as a life lasting bond, companionship and commitment is a 
wonderfull thought. Thanks for making my day :)Lots of great messages. The part that I think most people don't get is 
sometimes when youth may be doing wrong, going to your parents is a great 
place to start. So many youth these days are afraid of losing their parents 
love when they do something wrong. We as parents need to let our youth now 
they can come to us with anything and not be afraid.Noob he needs to get a pc with some video games not some crappy bikeat the end, i thought it said " And shall be white as ' Show ' " lolWhat a beautiful story. Thanks.This was a VERY good video :)TIL red paint is only sold in back alleyways and drug dealers have now 
expanded their market to paintsUse paint stripper otherwise you'll scratch th chrome:)Yeah, it is true. Being different and honoring parents by obedience is more 
ok.. I dont have to copy or to be like someone else...being different is 
good thing.Great message, well told. Love the Animation and upbeat music. Very 'fresh'.It's called an analogy. When you compare two things on the basis of their 
structure for the purpose of explaining or clarification. The bike took 
time and effort to get the red paint off. It takes time and effort to 
repent of our mistakes and allow Jesus to cleanse us. I love this video, I'm going to use it in my Sunbeam class for our lesson 
on obedience .. they will love it :)I don't think so; I think the main kid just made a mistake by going behind 
his parents' backs and doing something that sort of ruined the look of his 
own bike. But then he was able to fix it. Nothing was wrong with the other 
kids' red bikes, or the fact that they had new red bikes. The lesson is in 
the mistake he made, and that he was able to fix it. :)Very timely for me. Thanks.This is a good videoNo :) The other children really had nothing to do with the message, It was 
about obedience; repentance & forgiveness, So, it's a sin to paint your bicycle?WOot!Loved this and so did my kids!BeautifulAwesome video!!!It´s a good video I can´t not wait to listen it in spanish <3 I thinks its stating that we don't just follow the crowd being different is 
okTotally true! Love, forgive, example and we all can feel The Holy Spirit in 
our lifes :) Love this video, the message & the music :D exellent!Theirs were meant to be red. There was nothing wrong with their red, 
because that's how they were made, there was nothing tainted about their 
red. The chrome bike was tainted by the red spray paint because it was NOT 
meant to be red. The chrome bike was meant to be chrome, so the red ruined 
it. Does it make sense now? There was nothing wrong with the red bikes 
because they were made that way. Kind of like how there's nothing wrong 
with someone's skin color just because it's different.#repentance(:I watched it once for the message and a few more times for all the 
cuteness. Like I love that the paint dealer keeps it on the low-down, 
working out of the back alley. He's packin' paint! LOL. ummm you do know that this has nothing to do with godI loved this! There are a lot of lessons that can come from this depending on your 
perspective. I like it.First world problems.It takes a change of mind and a change of heart to put things right but let 
me tell you it is worth all the effort it takes, I promise.muy lindo... gracias Dios por el proceso del arrepentimiento y la 
expiación.. lovely video!!Lindo ..me gusta:)great story!None of the kids are wearing helmets...awesomeSo where all the other kids then industrially tainted with red evil sin or 
something? This video was SO great! I watched it with my 8 year old daughter. She 
loved it, too. Those lessons are for adults too. Be obedient to your loving 
earthly parents, there is always a solution to a problem and they'll help 
you find it. Really mirrors be obedient to your loving heavenly parents and 
you're going to make mistakes but thanks to the plan of salvation, 
repentance will turn our scarlet sins white as snow. We found like six 
lessons! I love Mormon messages!I loved the message and the music in thisI love this.... really awesome !!!! i like the story! :)I like it.I love that they have done so many different artistic styles in all the 
Mormon Messages!Amen! Ira, you often put something here that is timely and only by God's 
grace. Thank you!Nice!This was adorable, and so true! There is never a point at which we have 
come that we cannot return :) great little video :)