What a wonderful success story that these two continued and worked out 
there marriage understanding that we are human and make mistakes; that 
shows the power of the atonement.﻿I struggled with this for a very long time. Even when I was in a 
relationship. It wasn't easy to overcome because the enemy distraction was 
strong. This addiction was the most filthiest dirty UGLY dark secret. Satin 
is UGLY!!﻿To all those who have this addiction or any addiction we are praying for 
you. The Lord loves us all so much and will never give up on us . He will 
always be there . We just have to want to go through those things with him. 
It won't happen right away and it's hard sometimes but keep trying. It's 
always worth it. Every soul is important in the eyes of the Lord.﻿Ronald our prayers go out to you.﻿Porn kills love. #Fight_The_New_Drug﻿Am addicted and i dont know what to do am tired of going to god over n over 
n over for forgiveness i always feel ashamed n sorry for my self after i do 
it but after a view day i went rite back into it i really wanna stop sigh ﻿I also need help I need to get over I need to tell my parents but how?﻿what is Moses chapter  7?﻿Reading in Moses...? Which book?﻿Pornography, the plague of our day,
Is killing the spirit of love
Around your heart, the atonement- paint
And remember who you're a child of﻿Pornography destroys relationships. I've seen it first hand. A good friend 
of mine just completely shut me out because his addiction was so bad that 
he lost all sense of emotion. He doesn't care about anything anymore and it 
breaks my heart to see him like this. If you know someone struggling with 
this destructive addiction then don't hesitate to help them. If you look up 
fight the new drug then their website should come up. They have a really 
great program to help people specifically with porn addictions. I'm pretty 
sure it's free. Don't ask me why I just felt like I should share that.﻿Porn is also a plague. Not just drugs and alcohol. Great message of hope! ﻿I have tried so many times to break the addiction. I have gone several 
months without it and I got sucked back in. I sought the bishops help and 
was clean for a while but fell again. I know it's wrong but my body and 
brain have built up an addiction and I need help. I want nothing more in 
this life than to be free of this sin.﻿PORN Definition: television programs, magazine, books, etc. that are 
regarded as emphasizing the sensuous or sensational aspects of a nonsexual 
subject and stimulating a compulsive interest in their audience.﻿saw clips of a movie in this video...is that SON OF GOD ill b glad to know 
pls mst repli﻿