This great movie. I like it a lot. I can do better at learning, pondering, 
searching, and memorizing scriptures. I say that the scriptures are letters 
like notes from God to everyone in the world, also to everyone were in 
world, and also to everyone who will come into the world.﻿John 13:34.No. First off they're actresses - one is my cousin so I know first hand 
that she is the only one married to her husband. Second, pologamy has not 
been practiced by members of the LDS church for about 100 years.John 15:12-13 1 This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have 
loved you. Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life 
for his friends. No. First off they're actresses. Second, pologamy has not been practiced by 
members of the LDS church for about 100 years.What scripture was that at the end? I would like to learn it!This is from Elder Scott's October 2011 conference talk, "The Power of 
Scripture."Nope. Mormons haven't been involved in polygamy for a long time.the thing here is learning that scriptures can be the best of friends we 
could have. It would never point to somewhere that would destroy us. no, that would be polygamy, which for at least 85 years has not been 
practiced by members of the LDS church, in the last 80-100 years it has 
been against church gospel, and could get you excommunicated.what talk is this from the quote in the video? thank you :)Wow, you are truly an open minded individual without cynicism in your 
heart. You are a great example & have inspired me to be better, honestly 
not just saying that! Thanks so much for your comment & mindset.Do all of these women share a husband?oh man, I love the churchI love the scriptures.Jesus Christ and God are two separate beings of flesh and bones.Never in the bible does jesus say he is GOD in the flesh. he is the son of 
god, as was adam, abraham and us. Jesus is simply a divine being:-) But ye, 
i know what you mean.I just want to be more and more like Jesus who is God in the flesh. He is 
the bridge to Heaven. Thank you for having this captioned. It helps my testimony grow! :)There's nothing that gives me more comfort, than the words of Jesus Christ 
from the Holy Bible. John 13:34-35 34 A new commandment I give unto you, 
That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one 
another. 35 By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have 
love one to another.I think what the lady was trying to say was that we should try to put 
others needs before our own and not be selfish. I don't think it had 
anything to do with loving others more than yourself. :)i like that scripture verse. what is it???The main lady looks so much like Riven from League of Legends!as a patriotic american atheist i can only pile respect on the LDS church, 
as the most intrinsically american of all faiths. the history of joseph 
smith, the history of his successors and the history of the church he left 
behind should always be counted as part of america's great history and 
literature as it is the history of faith above nation and God above head of 
state; the most american of characteristics that led us to rebel against 
the british empire. i have only love for mormons!solo necesitas fe... esa es la llave para que tu puedas ver los frutos de 
nuestro padre celestial sobre ti... no es cuestion de entrar es cuestion de 
querer cambiar tu vida mediante la verdadera iglesia de jesucristo... 
saludos^^i used to be an atheist and i would like to get some info about your 
religion, because your religion seems nice and loving and caring and i 
would possibly like to join? is it hard to join?Thank's for that!!Once again - the timing of this 'message' couldn't be better - for me. Do 
you know how powerful these messages are? A great way to underscore this 
powerful talk from an Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ (Elder Scott). I am 
never 'distracted' from the message because of the production value of the 
short film. Thank you for using so many wonderfully talented people to 
bring these messages to the world. I'll share this with everyone I know.So true. This message warmed my soul this morning.Agree cabobean, we love ourselves before we love others. However, we must 
SERVE others before we SERVE ourselves...this is a real mormon video This is amazing, and very true. The scriptures that I have memorised help 
me so much!Church videos are getting better and better :D Love them <3 !Loving your neighbor as yourself is a commandment. I see what you are 
saying about helping others when feeling low. When Christ was in the Garden 
he had angels there for him and HE we praying to the Father to help him. I 
do agree that we need to serve but we also need to make sure that we pray 
first in all things for his help...then He does the rest in helping us to 
be successful in what we are trying to do. Yes, Christ suffered but he was 
also getting strength through Gods power.I think we live way below for privileges as far as the Scriptures are 
concerned. A few weeks ago I was troubling over my children. I was led to 
Jeremiah chapter 31. It is such a beautiful explanation of that Abraham a 
covenant. Check it out I hope it touches your heart like it did mineEven though I myself do not believe in religion, I love the peaceful 
message that your caring society spreads and I am glad that you do not try 
to alter peoples opinions to fit your own. I think that loving your neighbor as much as you love yourself is a good, 
maybe even a great thing. But I think that a better thing is to turn 
outward when we are most stressed out, the way the Savior did. Think of how 
He healed the Roman soldier, whose ear was severed in the Garden of 
Gethsemane. He had just taken upon Himself all of our pains, afflictions, 
and sins! Yet He still chose to put other people's needs before His own.The point is that a repertoire of memorized scriptures is a precious 
resource that one can call upon at any time or place - like friends who 
will come to your aid no matter what. And since knowledge is one of the 
only things we take with us out of this world, time spent studying 
scripture is never a waste. That's the first thing that caught my ear too. Thanks for commenting. All 
in all, good video. I don't know why they didn't just do a re-do on that. 
So simple to get it straight before sending it out to the world.I don't think we are suppose to love others before ourselves. Not to imply 
that we should love ourselves before others. I think we should love others 
AS ourselves. "Love thy neighbor as thyself."I love this video. While I watched it, I thought about how all of us are 
God's children--even Christ is His Child. We need to love EVERYONE, both 
our friends and our enemies. Thank you, MormonMessages, for uploading this 
awesome video. I realize now how I need to treat everyone; with the love 
and pure charity that God has for me, and for all of us, including those 
that do even the worst of things. Thanks again, MormonMessages!