very uplifting﻿I love this talk soooo much!!!﻿This is the best speaker I have ever heard from the church. Motivational 
and inspirational. WOW! I am a Church member and THIS man is my favourite speaker. What an amazing birthday present I had that year...one of the most 
memorable General Conferences in all my 18 years, AND Easter Sunday :).This is a man who cares. You feel it when you listen to him, if you are 
paying attention.I LOVE president Uchdorf ive been a mormon all my life i was brought up 
into it and all my life ive never been able 2 b inspired or even motivated 
by any talk given by any speaker but that all changed when i discovered 
President Uchdorf :) I can't imagine anyone of any religion, not feeling the spirit while 
watching this video. The church is true, Thank you God :)For this video, there should be a special "Love" button. :)@SenatorZeth You mean Thomas S. Monson? or something like that.Wonderful talk. Inspiring ideas.LOVE(>o.o)> <(0.0<) =]love himuchtdorf is my favorit, (aside from prophet T.S. Monson [i cant spell so i 
put T. S. ):) :)Dieter F. Uchtdorf is MY favorite!this was the best talk this confrenceGREAT TALK!!!WOW!... Spoken with such passion! I found myself saying "Amen" alot in this 
first talk, I think President Dieter F. Uchtdorf, may possibly be a "born 
again new creation" in Christ Jesus the Lord, according to this first talk 
anyway... the one who followed after him, Richard G. Scott, not so much. 
(Just my own personal take on it.)Amen! Lets stop talking and start doing and showing Love, Love, Love Love 
our neighborThank you for your loving and powerful message of hope and encouragement! 
May our Heavenly Father continue to bless you. :-)Thank youfor your loving and powerful message. May our Heavenly Father 
bless you! :-)Thank you, President Uchtdorf, for your loving and powerful message. May 
our Heavenly Father bless you! :-)This was such a good talk! Thank you so much for posting all these talks up 
soon after conference.