As a pioneer of the membership in my family, the pain and struggles that 
have in sued all my life have down nothing but strengthen my testimony and 
made my soul soar. I look forward to the judgment day when I can hear the 
savior say "Well done my Child. Rest now." @staxplease, yes I am. :) Prov. 3: 5-6 5 Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto 
thine own understanding. 6 In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall 
direct thy paths. as far as it is translated correctly, of this, I bear 
testimony.Aren't you grateful that maybe your parents, or some leaders have taught 
you that there is Jehova?I'm blessed to be a pioneer... Praise God! Great video... God blessJESUS is the way to GOD JEHOVAH.yes, there are many modern pioneers.John 3:3-5 be born of the water and of the spiritobey Acts 2:38 before its too late.We do :)Heart-melting... every week. Brilliant move by the Church to do these 
videos.great videoWhat a cool video!!We are all modern-day pioneers in our own ways and spheres.I salute the modern pioneers. Their faith and examples in perseverance in 
doing what is right, is a witness to me.That's a great video, I love Dallin H. Oaks, he is quite the speaker!Happy Pioneer Day everyone!!!My Goodness. What a beautiful message.Something about your videos always makes me feel peace...yeah, its gotta be hard being a christian in this world. I mean, so much 
opposition...All of my ancestors were Mormon pioneers. I'm proud of my heritage. The 
tradition of following Jesus continues in my family.Awesome!! it is true we are all modern Day Pioneers in all that we do 
everyday of our lives!!I`m proud to be a firt generation convert married to a first generation 
convert. We`re pioneers in that sense, but we are so grateful to those who 
came before us. We owe them so much.cool video love itgreat video, loved it!So true! I will always remember a quote from Mark E. Petersen: Dare to be a 
Mormon, Dare to stand alone, Dare to have a purpose firm, Dare to make it 
known.It's amazing how we can look at things like this and it can give ourselves 
a morale boost. Stay strong members. Dare to be Mormon.Thanks to pioneers of any era, for the courage to lead the way!"Blessed, Honored Pioneers." These deeds shall thy memorial be."Awesome Video!!!For the faith of few, millions have ben saved. Thank you very much pioneers!What happen with the spanish one,,? Please upload.... Thanks :)This is a great message and a beautiful video. Thank you for making these 
awesome mormon messages!What a wonderful tribute to pioneers of old as well as modern pioneers.Beautiful video. :-) Thank you very much.