Excellent! :) #feelingthespirit﻿God created heaven and earth what about HELL, never forget about it .Work 
to avoid it this is the real life conyest .Bye the way there is only one 
god .Great video, a simple way to teach the first lesson ;)These verses are also found in the book of mormon (in some cases they might 
have slight variation).Awesome video! Uploaded on my birthday!This is so stinkin' perfect and simple. I couldn't have explained it better 
myself. :) I'm not lds, but I think this video is cool.Straight up!!! Great job. I love it!!! If the Book of Mormon is considered the "most correct book", then why was 
all the verses from the Bible? pretty cool AE Thank you.What is the song in the background?! Truly inspiring video and the song 
really does invite the spirit!wonderful message! and amazing job with your Kinettic typography!!I love this video! Does anyone know what song is playing in the background? 
I really like it and would like to get it if possible.Good video. Which program you used to do it (animated word slide)? Please, 
I ask in name of Jesus. God bless you.@lUvsUngU You can't make Heaven perfect, when it already is. No one said 
this life was ugly and sucky, and no one said anything about not enjoying 
life. The video is just saying prepare for the trip down the road. You're 
not going to waster your whole entire life preparing.Why is this life not good enough that we have to make a perfect "heaven"? 
This life is beautiful and amazing, and it should be enjoyed to the 
fullest, not spent making ready and waiting for death. I'm not saying 
believing in an after-life is bad, but don't use it as a reason not to love 
every-thing and every-one around you.Dang these videos are cool. Looks like my afternoon is watching videos. 
When I became a Mormon years ago it was not like this (meaning). thank you 
for posting.cool"We believe in God, the Eternal Father, and in His son, Jesus Christ, and 
in the Holy Ghost." "We believe that through the Atonement of Christ, all 
mankind may be saved by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the 
gospel." "We believe in the same organization that existed in the primitive 
church, namely apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists and so 
forth."@DiscipleofElijah "We believe in God, the Eternal Father, and in His son, 
Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost." @DiscipleofElijah: There is no Mormon God, or Jesus. These are many 
miscompseptions about our church. There only is God our Father and his Son 
Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, all seperate beings. We are all his 
children, created by God in his own image. Jesus Christ is our older 
brother and our Savior. Lucifer also our brother. Before we came to Earth 
Heavenly Father presented a plan where we could come down to Earth and gain 
a physical body like unto the Father and to have agency in which we Thanks for watching.........Dad@DiscipleofElijah there is no 'mormon' God, or 'mormon' Jesus. there is 
only one God and one Jesus Christ. God is the one doing the judging after 
death, but i'm sure Jesus is a big part of it too. Joseph Smith has nothing 
to do with the judgment, as he is only as faithful prophet and servant of 
Heavenly Father and Jesus. i hope this makes sense and is helpful! :)This video goes a lil too fast :)Wuahahah!So Cute !I choose life and eternity I want to live my life as 
Jesus did I want to be there in the last days to show him I was worthy also 
I want to make it because I want to see him and face him to tell him THank 
You and hug him to tell him that I love him that because he gave his life 
for all mankind to be able to return I want to show him his sacrfice did 
not go unoticedLOVE it!I love this! Words. Pure intelligence. Potent. Powerful. True.Love the simpleness of the message.I LOVE THIS!!!! this so clearly explains our purpose. I KNOW God really 
does love us and allows us to pass through trials for our growth. He's 
given us commandments to guide and bless us! Thanks for this video!!Its so simple but it still brings tears. Plain and precious truths like 
this need to be told more often.Beautiful and creative with a great message. Thanks for making the message 
fun. This is so awesome!<3I love how the video starts with the word "Life" and then ends with the 
word "life" but referring to Christ... really brings home the point about 
the purpose of it all. And I love how it focuses on God's love for us. 
Thanks, this is awesome!Life has thrown its craziness at me. Although i was born into the church, i 
still had to be converted and it was about 5 years ago. Im now 21 and still 
not exactly a perfect person. yeah im young but ive had my days weeks and 
months where anything and everything in my life is falling apart. but the 
church has always been there for me. Life is a trial and our time to prove 
to not only god but to ourself that we want to be like him. being a mormon 
rocks! i wouldnt have it any other way ^_^this is so cute.... can you do it in different languages as well?Good. Right to the point, very clear. Oh, I'd put the "L" back into 
"multipy" but otherwise, very nicely done and I love the guitar music.Coolzerz.