That kid looks familiar. Looks like one of the actors in the Church's movie 
"Joseph Smith: the Prophet of the Restoration".﻿That. Was. AWESOME!﻿I though it was a real movie when i first saw it ﻿Say what you will about the Mormons, this commercial is awesome!what on earth does this advert got to do with the gospel?It is not advertised to promote "Mormons" per se, but rather to promote 
Good families.I was a single mom going to school & working full-time. I felt desperate to 
provide for my little girl but we needed more time together. I am Mormon & 
knew that my Heavenly Father would help. I poured out my heart in prayer & 
was blessed by answers that came. I started by turning off the radio in the 
car & using it as time to tell her stories & have great talks. One night a 
week was "Mommy & Me" time. She loved it & those are great memories now. I 
know if you pray answers will come for you too!This ad is cool, but it's content is unconnected to Mormonism.The wife/mom is not wearing a wedding ring. But, dad is...HHHMMM.... Love 
the commercial, though...That had nothing to do about being mormon?mormons are all about family and having a good relationship with your familyIf you do want to learn more about the church, mormon.org can help answer 
your questions.The ad is just meant as a reminder of how important family is- the family 
unit is being attacked everywhere in the media. It's admirable how hard 
you're working to support your family. Our belief is that families can be 
together after death, so spending quality time with your family-even if its 
something small- and forging those bonds that will last forever is very 
significant. I wish you and your family well and hope that you are able to 
nourish those family bonds that can last forever.MY AD IS BUFFERING I used to think that too, but this religion actually helps you find time 
for your family, even amidst the trials of working to support them. Good 
luck to you in your journey.Hey. You. Spend a little time with your family, will ya? Brought to you by 
Mormonism. Glad to see others responding good about the church!Maybe understanding religion a little better just gives you a better view 
on life and helps you appreciate time with your family. I am a member of 
the LDS (or Mormon) Church, and we believe that families are meant to be 
together forever, even after death. Maybe if you want to get a clearer 
answer to your question, and its a good one, you could just look in to what 
the Church teaches about family. You'll be surprised at how much it could 
help you! It's certainly helped and blessed my family lots!Love this! Warm fuzzies everywhere!I don't know you situation, but let's assume John worked hard to both raise 
a family and finance fun cruises to the Caribbean. Both could be worthy 
goals. But if John ever feels like he doesn't have enough time for his 
family, it's ads like this that could inspire him to think that just maybe 
he should work less, go on cruises less, and be with his family more.Where is the Love button???? This is a great add!Great commercial! Mormons are some of the nicest people I have met. family... its about, time. I remember that line being in older commercials, 
this relgion focuses a lot on the family. Sure, you can be a priest, but 
that has got to be easier than fatherhood. Only a naysayer will say there's 
a more worthy job than being a parent. If hollywood is against the nuclear 
family (understandably the majority of them support homosexual 
marriage...), then this is the antithesis of that. But don't think about it 
too hard, its an ad, thats why there's an explosion in there.Haha. I watched this in Seminary the other day. Everyone loved it! :) Clearly their BEST ad!Mormons are great at making commercials! Love it:)I just replayed that part in slow motion. Owwww. That's gotta hurt! :( I'm 
glad he didn't get any serious burns. I love this ad! It was amazing. :)Oh, and I'm a MormonOptimus prime!Lol Thats it i convert... i now believe in god? aliens? what exactly is it?hows sweet i like it I like it!This is the best one!This is a great message!Great! I love these ads. Imagine loving ads!Haha. I LOVE IT!@Sortsdam Everyone knows that mormons are all about the family. Come on the 
most important unit of society. @mormonryan and a princess!I love this one!I was so pleasantly surprised to learn that this was a Mormon ad... XD 
HOORAH!!!!! 8D@pbinnyc FYI, the explosion went off a little hot and the stunt man fell to 
the matt on fire. The safety team quickly extinguished him and he only 
sustained minor injuries. There was no take 2 on that shot.The castle in the beginning! I've been there! 8D It's Bamburgh castle isn't 
it? When I saw that beginning I was soooo EXCITED! P.S Very proud to be a 
Mormon :DTHAT'S BAMBURGH CASTLE! 8D I'VE BEEN THERE!That is the cutest little boy! He should be in a movie!@Sortsdam Yes, we believe that strengthening family bonds is very 
important. The ad is basically asking parents to spend more time with your 
kids, because only good things can come from it. :)@Sortsdam 
lds.org/Static%20Files/PDF/Manuals/TheFamily_AProclamationToTheWorld_35538_eng.pdf 
Read this to find out what it has to do with mormonsim =)@Sortsdam It's encouraging spending time with your family, not to just let 
your kids have their own adventures, but to be a part of it too. Most of 
the ad's the LDS aren't about Bible verses, but usually about what we have 
around us now, and to help make others lives around us more enjoyable. @Sortsdam Families are one of the main points in "Mormonism."You gotta' love it!How does this have anything to do with mormonism?SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH the princess is slepping lol lol lol :) i wish when i was sleeping my bro would just back out and stand there with 
a sword warning everyone that the princess is sleeping... I've always respected mormons. Every mormon I've known has been nothing 
less than honest, respectful, and good-natured, not to mention extremely 
successful. I've been to Utah and it's only weird if you're used to being 
able to buy drugs and alcohol easily. Other than that, people just live--no 
one forced their religion on me, no one scorned my lifestyle, no one said 
anything hateful or intolerant. A lot of people in this world piss me off 
but mormons... they're just lovely.Not bad, I must admit.it's because this religion has family at it's core. That's why it is 
relevant. Cute video :) @HereticsGen are you serious? LOVE THIS!! :D LOL gosh I just love Mormon ads there always so cute or very uplifting!:DI love this! It makes me smile. ^^The insane thing is, this is better than Pirates of the Caribbean 4. love it! lolIt put a smile on my face.I really don't see what religion has to do with spending time with your 
family..Lov this!!! I keep watching this over and over! I love how at the end end 
they say "Oh sorry, scuse us" in their awesome British accents!!!Mormons rock Watch This With Pirates Of The Caribbean Music Playing! haha what an awesome dad xDThis has got to be the cutist mormon ad I have ever seen!That is adorable. It sets it up like some epic movie...and it's one of the 
games like I used to play with my brother and parents. :)Beginning: huh? Is this a movie add! Middle: oh awesome! End: the princess 
is sleeping. HahahaI thought this is a movie trailer! Cute! I love being a latter-day saint! 
:))DAHAHAHA...BRILLIANT!wonderful!I think it's kind of lame that the mom is always the one to bring them back 
from imagination. But I guess that's ok. My husband is gonna be like that 
when we have kids. I just hope I can join in the fun, too!Haha that is amazing!!!!!! Ha ha thats wonderful. I like the high profile adds I would love to see my 
own Church (Catholic) do some of these. @cdtrumpeter whoever marries you will be a lucky ladyVERY GOOD AD THANK YOU :)That is one of my favirotes.I like the fact that this is the only church ad with an explosionHaha. I loved that one!!!!Pelosi: Unemployment Checks Fastest Way to Create Jobs “It creates jobs 
faster than almost any other initiative you can name.” Talon is so cute ^_^The mormon church encourages being pirates! but not while the princess is 
sleeping. - moral of the story@cdtrumpeter Ditto on the "had me going." I'd go see this movie. LOL. Love 
it!Even the music in this ad is such a great, funny spin on "Pirates of the 
Caribbean." The music box in the nursery sounds like the music played in 
Tia Dalma's musical locket.Very sweet, and funny too!very wittyLOVE IT!!!too cute!!!Cornball!I am going home to play with my kids now :)I play sword fight on youtube. My swash buckler is always polished & 
glistening. Please forgive me for being LDS. I never meant to hurt any one 
by believing what may or may not happen when I die, in regards to a 
relationship with Deity that requires a faith in the unknown. I apologize 
for Using my constitutional right of "Freedom of religion". In the future I 
will be more mindful of my beliefs so as not to offend the world. Haider of 
MannA wonderful ad. No other success can compensate for failure in the home.@17jackjackattack I like it too.Fist thing I thought was "Great! Another Pirates of the Caribbean!" LOL!!! 
Love it!Mormon ads are sooooo cute!the family, isn't it about time?