Thank you for this video. mww﻿truthful..........................﻿Are you aware that these are taken word for word from the Jings James 
Version of the Bible. Jesus said "everyone shall be judged according to his 
works."I was 24 year old when I was convert as a one of a milion' s member of the 
church of jesus christ of latter day saints after one year I was called to 
serve my mission in cebu....I love being a convert in this true church........it made me more and more 
better person.You gotta love'm and get work done bro. but that is what it says in the Bible, Jesus will judge us by our works. 
Was the Bible in Rev. 20:13, 2 Corinthians 5:10, and Matthew 16:27 wrong?these are word for word out of the Kings James Bible. We will be judged 
according to our works. Jesus Christ himself has said it many times, such 
as in this passage in this video. Who are we to say that Jesus Christ was 
wrong?the highest attribute of exaltation is total love and selflessness.Wonderful video of Jesus and the power of his words and promises. amen awesome thank u lord The nature of dementia is that it will eventually kill. The repreave spoken 
of was the lesson my mother in law in her frailty is teaching me so that I 
am learning how to manage my father who will inevitably follow. It is a sad 
lesson in mortality but a glorious one. Please post my previous comment to 
comfort and help those like me who are caring for those with dementia.I love these videos... Thank youHOLY + BIBLE = Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth ) before our bodies 
go into GROUND! PEACE BE WITH YOU:)following this post and some improvement I have seen my parents bodies and 
minds deteriorate but I am comforted to know that the Lord is over all and 
they still laugh and have peace as the come to learn more intimately of the 
Lord. Even as they prepare to die. My job is to care for them, & that is a 
privilege.if it's truth you seek brother go to the source and ask god That, or, you know, we are not judged. That's possible too. It really depends Dave, I will agree that some do "works" for the wrong 
reasons possibly to show off to others that they are good people. This goes 
along with Matthew 7:21, however, true faith will bring us to action which 
is what I think you were trying to say? True faith will move us to do good 
works. It will move you to pray daily, read in the scriptures, and strive 
to be the very best that you can be. This will only be if you allow His 
grace to effect a change in you.This Chris is amazing! When are the going to do a full featured film with 
him?If you do not believe in the "Mormon faith" then you do not believe Christ, 
although you believe IN Christ, for it is He that has restored this gospel 
and the Holy Priesthood to earth. Men call it Mormon. He calls it The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (saints being the ancient name 
for members of His church). He has saved all mankind from the grave, no 
matter their behavior, or the time or the where of their birth, we will all 
be resurrected. There is more to know, though. You do not understand the gift of mercy and atonement, Dave. Baptism is an 
act of obedience, so it is a "work." He requires it. We indeed are saved by 
the Atonement of Jesus Christ because there is no other good enough to pay 
the price for our sins and He alone could pay the debt. But for us to 
continue to live a life chasing pleasure and being dishonest and hateful 
would be to deny His saving grace. He has always insisted on repentance. 
Repentance is "works." Resurrection is a free gift to all.James 2:26 26 For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without 
works is dead also.Matthew 16:27 For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with 
his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works. I love the Savior's way of correcting incorrect or incomplete beliefs. 
Everything He said and did in these verses was done out of love for Peter 
and for the whole world. I love that the Savior gives Peter some time to 
absorb the true doctrine, and then He goes to Peter and puts His arm around 
him. That's like repentance! (Or, in Greek, metagnoia, which means "change 
in knowledge.")Why, do you feel like this? If you know his Bible, then how can you not 
believe in the BOM? Have you really prayed? Have you read the BOM?Robert E Turner My elderly wife, who has been wedded for around 4 years, 
are being tested by our Father; her illness is causing me to wonder, if I 
can remain strong, in my fath, I wish, very one will help me fight satin's 
power, as I knew he is alive and wants us back home very much, and have 
joy,and love in our hearts.I believe in Jesus Christ also. The Mormon faith is faith in God and Jesus 
Christ as our savior. We believe in the Bible, and in addition, the Book of 
Mormon. I always ask people to look up the Articles of Faith to find out 
what the core beliefs of the Church and its teachings. That can be found on 
LDS.org. I invite you to check it out and keep an open mind. God bless you.Matt 16:27 For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with 
his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his "works".We demonstrate our faith in the Lord by obedience to His commandments and 
our striving to become more like Him.I miss the old Jesus. What happened to him? He seemed so much more loving. 
This guy seems a bit angry and I don't identify him with Christ. I think of 
Christ as masterful at teaching serious doctrine, but in the most loving 
way. This one seems so judgmental and persecuting.So, the apostle James was lying when he said, "Faith without works is 
dead"? I think not. It's the carnal nature of man to justify the easy way 
out, but Christ offers no excuses for idleness. A clever brainwashing of 
Satan. Satan's thought of every trick to keep man down, and so many have 
fallen for it. It isn't "the Mormon faith" you are watching. It is the Gospel of Jesus 
Christ.We are judged by our faith and our works - one for salvation and one for 
exaltation. Christ's resurrection was to save ALL mankind (good and evil) 
from physical death - thus salvation from death. The Atonement of Christ in 
the Garden of Gethsemane, the scourging, the thorns, the cross, the nails, 
the spear were all to save us from spiritual death - a permanent separation 
from our Father and Himself - thus we receive exaltation through our good 
works-or keeping His commandments. Per scripture.Search the scriptures. The answer is in there. James 2:26James 2:17-18 We are judged by both ..Those poor disciples in the back were probably wondering what in the world 
was going on when Jesus rebuked PeterDave just the simple kindness of helping an old lady mow her lawn maybe 
move house. these are all works of the Lord Dave its this work that brings 
people to the Lord. The Lord will not accept faith alone without doing the 
work here on earth. you know this is right don't be fooled do not turn up 
on judgement day and say I didn't baptise any1 but I had faith and I 
believed. It was by Jesus example,mission and works that he was known for 
not just his faith In fact we are judged by both faith and works both are of equal 
importance. To be without one or the other is the false doctrine. Look when 
it comes time to be judged the Lord will ask what you did upon this earth 
not if you believed and had faith. Because Its by faith and belief that 
prompts us to do the works of the Lord for ourselves,families and friends. 
the Lord will ask how many did u baptise? did you teach Sunday school,did 
you administer the sacrament,did you preach the gospel In fact we are judged by both faith and works both are of equal 
importance. To be without one or the other is false doctrine. Look when it 
comes time to be judged the Lord will ask what you did upon this earth not 
if you believed and had faith. Because Its by faith and belief that prompts 
us to do the works of the Lord for ourselves,families and friends. the Lord 
will ask how many did baptise? did you We are judged not by our works for salvation. That is false doctrine. We 
are judged by our faith for salvation... Jesus follows here the same counsel He would later give to Joseph Smith. 
Peter needed to be rebuked because his otherwise good love for Jesus was 
going to lead Him to oppose the Father's will (something Jesus Himself, 
although more involved than anyone, would accept wholeheartedly). Jesus 
reproved him sharply and clearly, and then afterwards showed an increase of 
love to he who He had reproved, that he might know that His love was 
stronger than the bonds of death, which his love certainly was. I do not believe in the Mormon faith but I do have believe in Jesus Christ 
my god in heaven!With elderly parents that suffer from dimentia I found myself praying that 
they wouldn't die. When I should have been praying... Thy will be done... 
and the funny thing was as soon as I started praying this... their health 
improved... lovelyJesus taught of His impending death, But poor Peter wished things another 
direction. Jesus wasted not a single breath, To reprove and then offer 
loving correction. For what is life without the soul, Or faith without good 
works? Deny yourself, complete your role. Do not avoid what hurts. Pick up 
your cross. Serve to follow Him. Heed the words of Christ. See that you do 
them.The photography in these videos is so beautiful!Powerful!Thank You For The Video. I love it. I love LDS. Im glad ill get to see the 
temple someday.I LOVE these videos!LOL Peter just got scolded by Jesus. Dont be offended guys im just kidding..I love these video's and I love the message learned from those scriptures. 