President Monson is truly a servant of our Heavenly Father. He has a 
calming factor when I am lost or confused, thank you President for being 
there.﻿Last year (2014) was a difficult one for me!  I'm the oldest of the 
children whom my parents had & always felt a caring heart towards my 
younger siblings!  Early in the year, Heavenly Father decided to take one 
of my youngest siblings home unto Him, & then my Daddy only a few months 
later!  It was a difficult time & I admit that I did shed a lot of tears 
over the passing of each one of them!  However, the knowledge of the 
fulness of the gospel, the blessings of the infinite Atonement of my Lord 
Jesus the Christ, & the knowledge that comes from having a testimony that 
Families Can Be Together Forever gave me the strength to endure the the 
passing of these dear loved ones from this mortal existence!   Sometimes, I 
do still cry when there is something, which I wish that they could be there 
to share with me, but I get through it with help from the Lord!  I strongly 
believe that the knowledge of Eternal Families, which comes from the 
fulness of the everlasting gospel, can & does give us strength to get 
through these pains of loss of our loved ones!!!﻿A feeling of peace comes to me when I hear President Monson speak. This is 
no exception & the feeling is so strong I wept. ﻿Every time I hear President Monson talk, the spirit overwhelms me!﻿We will ALL live again.﻿Who put these onions here?﻿Tomas S Monson is a very touching speaker﻿@pk26pk26 we believe that God has brought prophets back on the earth to 
help guide us through these days. We didnt have them for a period of time 
because The Lord took away the fullness of the gospel, hence the many 
different religions sprouting up, but that Joseph smith restored that 
gospel, and with it, the authority availed to have prophets. Thomas S 
Monson is a prophet because he has lived a life that has prepared him to be 
one. I know he is one personally because I've asked God myselfI lost my son as a result of him giving his kidney to another whom he 
loved. There are no words or pictures or stories that i can use to express 
the peace available to me because of the sacrifice born of love by Jesus 
Christ. Bottomless nights, filled with pain and loss cease when I apply the 
atonement. Pres. Monson, Thank you. Who u are inspires all.This video is very moving and I encourage all of the people out there to 
watch it!!I can give you my testimony that he is a prophet. Just like in times of 
old, our Father in Heaven has given us prophets to guide us while we are 
here on this earth. And then I would tell you to seek out the missionaries 
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and they can teach you 
more and explain it more. Please tell me how Mr. Monson is a "prophet" of the Lord Jesus Christ. I 
believe in Christ. So, tell me please! I know, this is an LDS channel. You 
are Christians, right? So tell me, how is this man a "prophet".Who left these onions here....President Monson sure has the best stories. I wonder where he gets em all? 
Maybe because he is the President he gets to tell the best stories.i know that this is true also because my 2nd oldest brother passed away and 
i wasn't even born yet though but my mom told us that he passed away when 
he was only 6 weeks old then he passed away but this is a very TRUE message 
because i'm 12 years old and barely am in youth and iv'e leaned a lot about 
how families can be together forever and will meet again so that's why i 
don't worry much about my brother because i know we will meet again! That's 
what motivates me to be good so we can meet againYes, we will live again--and when we see our Heavenly Father's face again, 
it will seem as if the most familiar thing we have ever known. God is love!Very touching video, my heart goes to the mother and her son.Crying my eyes outLove this this video :)Same goes for me. I'm convinced atheist and proud. But this video is great.you just felt the spirit man,,,,I am so glad for the plan of salvation because I have lost family but 
because of the Plan of Salvation i will see them.I have an older sister who passed away just being a few months old, many 
years ago. My parents say she was adorable, with beautiful red hair, and 
other things parents usually find beautiful in a baby. I never got to know 
my sister, and I would have loved to know her. But I know that I will see 
her one day, and that if we live a righteous life, we will live together as 
a family forever. My brother looked like Arthur, Tall with curly blonde hair and a beautiful 
smile! When he was 15 he was accidentally shot in his heart by a friend who 
found a gun. His death was the beginning of my life long search to know 
God, and it was a long search. When I first saw BYU on television and met 
mormons in person...I know that I know, they know the truth and they know 
our true Lord and Father, the one that I know! I feel my spirit filled and 
lifted whenever I hear their testimonies!! I love thisI shed tears of joy.the words of our profet are always true and full of love to us all. i 
really love the message that one day we all will see our savior face to 
face. my hopes are that all of us ca prepare and be ready for that day.wow I was crying so much through this whole talk! Thank you for such a 
sweet testimony. I lost some good friends last year. It means alot to hear 
this!wow I was crying so much through this whole talk! Thank you for such a 
sweet testimony. I am honestly surprised these videos don't have more views. They're 
beautiful.i came here after the sandy hook elementary massacre. I'll pray for the 
victim's families.I am not mormon, But I know I am a child of God and I know we WILL see our 
loved ones again in the home that was made for us, and with our beloved 
Christ Jesus.Why only 89 percent, really? I don't care if you're not mormon the story in 
it's self are touchingI know that our loved ones who have passed on still live on in the spirit. 
They cheer for us, laugh with us, cry with us, and help us through more 
than we'll ever know in this life. Because of the Lord Jesus Christ's 
atoning sacrifice, we will all be able to see our cherished family and 
friends again. And not only see them, but be with them as resurrected 
beings. I have lived in 5 continents, have a university degree, have 
associated with many cultures & know more than ever that this is true.this is so beautiful :,)For those that are in disagree with this message, understand this: Heavenly 
Father gave us free agency. You are free to express your disagreement but 
remember all this is possible through the atonement of Jesus Christ and the 
mercy of our father in heaven. He loves you that much so that through your 
choices you may learn. At one point in your life or in the afterlife you 
will realize how of the good things you should have filled your life. This 
was one of them, listen to that still small voice.I love this man more than words can say! :)I loved this talk and I enjoyed this video clip. I have a brother who was 
killed on Mission 9 years ago. I am so grateful for the gospel and for the 
knowledge that I know where my brother is and that I will see him again one 
day and that I will be able to be with him. I lost my son one year ago. Thank you for this inspiring message. My son 
was 30, but he was MY baby boy. I know I will see him again.... I LOVE this 
gospel...with all my heart..I truly loved this. It touched my heart deeply and I love prophet Thomas S. 
Monson. This is an amazing story and I hope you people who disliked this 
clip are ashamed of yourselvesi love this <3 im so proud to be a Latter-Day Saint . I have been through trial and tribulation, I have lost everything in the 
past, friends, and much more. Til this day I have no doubt in my heart that 
Christ exists and that they live on through him. I assidiously apply my 
love for them and for Christ and God for watching over them and I am 
grateful. I testify, as a Latter-Day Saint and as a son of God, that I 
rejoice in their transformation.Those that dislike this message miss the whole point of Christ and eternal 
life.I believe that if everybody lived their life placing family values and 
community and companionship like the mormons, the world will be a better 
place no matter what religion they follow.I find such comfort that I belong to a church that has shown me I will meet 
with my loved ones again. I find hope in this church. I find reason and 
purpose in my life because I have been exposed to truth. There are days 
when I feel like I won't be able to go on... Like maybe there really is 
nothing more. It's days like those where I remember what I have been 
taught. Days like those where I can turn to my Heavenly Father through 
Christ, my savior, and be reassured that there is always more.good !!!With love and gratitude,on behalf of the Smith Family of Brockville, 
Ontario Canada thank you@thelifeuwant for sure peace for you too Godbless you and yours...@HOTmess888 me too i m so proud to be a LDS CHURT love this gospel. thx so much for every vidios form the Churt of Jesus Crist, therefore we 
need everydays couse we depend it alot thx so much i love this Gospel with 
all of me...............................@HOTmess888 as am II cried... and I stared at the screen, feeling the Spirit so strongly!!! I 
love videos like this. It is amazing!@alanarns While it's difficult to know for sure, witnesses state that there 
were no scripts that the Prophet copied from. Much of the Isaiah texts in 
the Book of Mormon are more in line with Greek (Septuagint) version of the 
Bible. I'm not sure what "original texts" your referring to, but there are 
no "originals" that still exist, only copies. @alanarns maybe for the same reason the KJV has them?I hate the fact of death......but maybe death is great. we will be with 
jesus and heavenly father again.....maybe it aint so bad.....im proud to be a member of the lds church :)I cried =( I see there must be other but this is the first one who saw. I 
shall watch others. @Search111add =]I am not a a christian. but I can say for sure with a knowing inside me: 
birth is not the beginning, nor is death the end. peace to all ^^BEAUTIFULLLLLL !! @Search111add Just want to say thankyou for your response. It was very 
mature and very human.Wow a very touching story. Love itBeautiful...absolutley stunning...I love the part where it says our Heavenly Father "had a son who died 
too"....What a beautiful message that life goes on after this life.@Search111add it is the spirit who have touched you...there are many great 
things in life that you never expected to happen...@Search111add I think that was the Spirit communicating with you :) <3 There are several shows on t.v. nowdays about ghosts & hauntings. My kids 
think it's fun to watch, I always get creeped out because I believe they 
are bad spirits. In this clip President Monson states "that the spirits of 
all men, as soon as they are departed from this mortal body are taken home 
to that God which gave them life.'God be with you till we meet again' was the hymn sung at my 5yrs 5months 
old sons funeral 4 years ago. My sons life was taken at the hands of my own 
inattentive driving in a single vehicle accident on one of the straightest 
roads in Australia. As hard as the past 4 years have been for myself and my 
family, I am comforted by messages like President Monson's and many other's 
messages of hope and my testimony is strong that I will see my son again. 
Till we meet again my dear son, I love you.Thank you for the captions... it helps me feel the spirit as I can't hear. 
Very touching testimony of resurrection!A wonderful message from a wonderful prophet of GodIt is because of Christ and his selfless sacrifice, that I am not afraid of 
death. But to always be ready.Beautiful, just beautifuli am mormon and this is the first time i've seen my prophet Thomas S. 
Monson i am proud to see our prophet testifying and i have felt our holy 
ghosts love.What a touching storythis is really really encourging thanks so muchPresident Monson it maid me cry when i watched thisThis video reassured me that things I know are truth and not just beliefs.This is such a great message! Tears came to my eyes. I am so joyful that we 
can meet again after death. Beautiful! We are so blessed to have a living prophet! He is a great 
example to all of us and the mouthpiece of the Lord.A beautiful message with a beautiful Spirit. Thanks to ALL that have fought 
for our freedoms & especially to ALL that have paid the ultimate price. 
ThankyouWhat a joy it is to know that we have a living prophet on the earth - even 
Thomas S. Monson. What greater gift than to have knowledge of what awaits 
us in the afterlife. No sensationalism or mystery. Just the knowledge that 
we will return to live with God and meet our Savior face-to-face. I know 
that He lives. I hope that when I meet him, that he will call me by name, 
embrace me and tell me "well done, thou good and faithful servant."This made me cry. That's a wonderful storyThis video makes me want to be more sensitive and comforting to everyone 
more than i have been, its hard, but with the Saviors help i and everyone 
who tries will be able to accomplish itDoes anyone know the official name of the song in the background? Or a link 
with the music?I love this.Anyone know the name of the song being played in this video? What a 
wonderful message! It´s all so true!I love this man.His entire life has been dedicated to one thing,serving his 
Saviour by serving his fellowman.He IS the Lord's chosen mouthpeice in this 
world today.My mother Lost her father at 14. When She found the LDS church she felt 
extremely comforted knowing that she could see her Father after death. I 
know personally that we can go back and live with god and Jesus Christ 
without a doubt. Things like what president Monson are what give me great 
strenghtInspired .I love his channel!Even tho I am an atheist, I must say that this was very touching...