GOD BLESS EVERYONEï»¿I am a child of God <3ï»¿What a lovely song to hearï»¿Amazing! :)ï»¿Love it.ï»¿it's so nice it like I'm going to churchï»¿I love this songï»¿right on Julie . your brother in the gospel markï»¿I am a child of God and He has sent me here. Has given me an earthly home 
with parents kind and dear.ï»¿when I get scared at night and I listen to this this helps me fall asleepï»¿I love this song!! It's beautiful to see this <3ï»¿This is so sweet â˜ºï¸ï»¿LOVE GOD :}ï»¿I love this sooooooo much!ï»¿I love this song. I'm Mormon and proudï»¿I love this songï»¿Coolï»¿i love this song toï»¿I started crying bc I remember a couple of years ago my dad said he won't 
be here foreverðŸ˜­ï»¿I love this! So so much!ï»¿the kids are so cute!! and im mormmen and i go to chirch i love that songï»¿loveï»¿idk how people hate it i live it with all my heartï»¿I LUV THIS SONG ... ALL NEED THIS SING IN THEIR HEARTS AND LIVES. LISTEN TO 
THA ONE WIT LYRICS . IYT IS ALL CHILDREN SINGIN WHICH IS EVEN MORE 
BEAUTIFUL. BOTH R. BUT ALL CHILDREN HAV THAT PURE VOICE OF INNOCENCE INLY A 
CHILD POSSES. SO LISTEN TO IT IT GIVS YA MORE CHILLS (I CALL GOD CHILLS TO 
LET ME KNO HE IS BESIDE ME AND NoT FORSAKEN ME. ALL CHILDREN NEED TO KNO 
THIS SONG SO THEY HAV HOPE NOT HOPELESSNESS TO KnO GOD IS REAL HE EXISTS 
AND ANSWERS PRAYERS TO ALL WHO SEEKï»¿Absolutely precious and so true. I am 81 years old ad can verify that I 
know I am a child of God and HE has showed me that I am His child.ï»¿and so my needs are greatï»¿l am a child of godï»¿I have to sing this at a feniruleï»¿i am 6 i am sorry god forgive me what i have did . god bless you everyoneï»¿dream life :(ï»¿I love this song, but who can find just song? I don't speak english very 
well, but i want this song for the choir of primary. I really would be 
grateful.ï»¿I just cant stop listening to this song ðŸ˜Šï»¿i love you allï»¿beautifulï»¿I like the idea of what you thinkï»¿tears of joy peoplesï»¿I'm am a child of Godï»¿yes i am a child of Jesus.ï»¿I wish I could sing I'm child of Godï»¿Daisymque im glad you found this video I happen to be a Mormon and being in 
the church is wonderful and you feel happy inside I hope you on the church ï»¿This song remindse when I was 4 in the primary program. I was adorable. 
Everyone remember you are a child of god and he loves you!ï»¿I love u godddddd please don't let nobody hurt me ï»¿I love listening to this when in sad or stressed of worried
ï»¿I love it so much so true and l absolutely LOVEâ™¥ GOD ï»¿I'm not mormon im catholic but i still love this song and appreciate god 
and watch this channel :)ï»¿Whenever I get scared or depressed, I listen to this song over and over. I 
am so grateful for the atonement and how much our heavenly father loves us 
all! I feel his and our saviors love everyday. When I feel like I am at my 
worst point I feel his blessings so much. He never gives up on me, no 
matter how much I sin. Heavenly father and Jesus had a perfect love for us. 
I know that the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints is the true and 
restored gospel. I am so blessed to have the gospel and spirit in my life(: 
I love every single person on this earth, no matter who they are and what 
they've done. <3ï»¿One mistake its never too late to exsep God almighty in your lifeï»¿Good songðŸ˜ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ï»¿I am a child of godï»¿This is a beauiful song ï»¿I loooovvvveee GOD when I get bullied I don't care I have God he. Love us 
me and u guys everyone ï»¿I absolutely love this song ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ï»¿Tears wont stop so cute. :) ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜€ï»¿Amen! GODBLESS!ðŸ™ðŸ¼ðŸ™ðŸ¼ðŸ™ðŸ¼ï»¿I love this song. :-) And this was a very beautiful arrangement. Good job!ï»¿I learnt this song as a child. I'm now 18. And when I heard this about a 
week or so ago I got so emotional. 

I love this song. 
We are truly children of God.ï»¿I al a son of god ï»¿amen,oh jesus this is a wonderful song its just so beautiful.but i just 
wanna say amen and this is just a party for jesus. for the glory of god i 
will show this to mom and my dad.they will be so happy.thaks for the 
wonderful video.ï»¿How are there so man dislikes?! This a very spirtittual song with different 
people., with different personalities. Best song ever!! It reminded me who 
I am, and I feel really sorry for those who don't know who they are. But I 
know that I am a child of god and he has given me an earthly home, with 
parents that are kind and dear. I know that he will teach me and guide me 
to do what is right. And that is learning, living, and teaching the gospel. 
Comment you guys later! 




Sorry, Mormon Channel, thanks for the music. You Rock!!!!!!ï»¿I know that I am child of God. I know that everyone in the world, also to 
everyone were in world, and also to everyone who will come into the world 
are children of God.ï»¿God's my father and I'm his son.ï»¿I LOVE this videoï»¿Hey guys, if you like this video, check out my talk on Patience and tell me 
what you think. I have a dream to motivate and inspire others to live the 
gospel more fully and more enthusiastically.ï»¿Me tooï»¿Hi, My name is kyla, I am 13 and one day, A fww weeks before that my dad 
said to me "Kyla, why is it the god alows suffering, what does he do for 
the children in slavery?" And through this i cried and cried i had no 
answer to give to my dad for my dad is not religious but me my mom and my 
sister are religious. Its hard to twll my dad something or and someone he 
does not believe in. Its also been hard to go to church because my mom 
works and my dad works to and if i can't get to church i pray, watch your 
channel's videos, or and read the book of Mormon i have not found the bible 
yet through th e mess of book in boxes.


Thanks for the help through the ups and downs! You mean alot! 

/Kylaï»¿I believe it!ï»¿I lovee this song, and it is SO true. Also why are there ANY dislikes on 
this video? Come on people this is so amazing!!!ï»¿beautiful.........pure...........beautyï»¿Awesomely awesome songï»¿Thank you all for understanding OK im ten years old and am a Mormon I live 
to teach the gospel and hopefully be missionary when I am older baptists 
think were bad and not Christian but we are we are the true church of Jesus 
and heavenly father we believe not to say the lords name. Vain or else that 
is sinning but for those who are Mormons thank you you made good choice in 
which church to joinï»¿John 1:12-13, we become a Child of God when we receive His Son and are born 
of Him, meaning we become "born of God"..We are His creations until then 
and not His child. We must receive His Son first..Hope this makes sense. 
God Bless.ï»¿awwwwwww i wish the world wasnt so cruel!ï»¿Anyone know who the cowboy with the great voice is?ï»¿