To be worthy and return to our Heavenly Father and our Heavenly Mother.﻿Psalms 19:1 "The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament 
sheweth his handywork."﻿I am relatively new to being a Mormon as I discovered the story of God 
through the SHAYTARDS. I have recently been debating whether I should be 
Mormon or Christian because of a few reasons;
As far as I can tell, the Book of Mormon was written first hand through 
through the story of God to Joseph Smith, whereas I think the bible is a 
collection of stories passed down over generations. Am I correct in 
thinking this?
The other reason is that I believe in the creation of the universe coming 
from the big bang, and I believe in evolution. Now, I have been told its OK 
to believe that in Mormonism but I just need it clarifying so I dont offend 
anyone.
I hope someone can help me, and if you can then its much appreciated.
All the best.﻿couldn't agree more﻿I am working to one day be an astronomer, and I do not believe in the Big 
Bang theory. Of course, because I am lds, I believe in God, and my 
testimony strengthens more and more each day. Knowing that God is there for 
all of us is a great overwhelming joy. I hope we can all relay on God!﻿My heart is that I don't KNOW anything,  I refuse anymore to trust man.  I 
can honestly say though that I believe there there is God and from reading 
the Bible IN SPITE of all the religions of man, I believe more and more 
there is God and that "He" must have guided the writing throughout that 
Book of Books.  I just honestly can not claim to have any perfect 
understanding of it ...just lots and lots of amazement at how it has been 
written.  It appears to easily snare wicked dishonest minds into presuming 
many things ...oh how I do not want to be found like those any more than I 
have already done so.﻿It's all so overwhelming and yet so beautiful.﻿awww first scientists i have seen that believes in GOD <3﻿"every one who is seriously engaged in the pursuit of science becomes 
convinced that the laws of nature manifest the existence of a spirit vastly 
superior to that of men, and one in the face of which we with our modest 
powers must feel humble." Albert EinsteinI know that God the Eternal Father lives. I know that Jesus Christ lives 
and that He was in charge of organizing this earth. I am grateful for good 
men like Dr. Lewis who put things eternal and scientific into perspective. 
God bless all of you my brothers and sisters and live in peace.You're right you can only trust the best evidence - your'e mind- and since 
we are not purely logical creatures - you know ...not vulcan? and go by 
emotion: we can only trust our own jugdment - and our own judgment may sift 
lie from truth and etc. Sooo...your'e agreeing with us? to trust your'e own 
judgment and follow it as best you can till' you die - dude that's pretty 
much what ALL Relgilion is! a beilief based on what we feel inwardly....? i 
mean right...? (scoffs idiot)A scenario, as food for thought: If you travelled to the heart of the 
Amazon to a primitive hunter gatherer tribe that had never been exposed to 
Judeo-Christian religion and (without telling the tribespeople anything 
about Adam and Eve or God) invited them to go apart and speak these words 
to the sky: "Where did people come from? Who were the first people?"--what 
do you suppose their answers would be, allowing sufficient time for them to 
hear the so-called "vouching" you claim should happen?please add spanish subtitles for this video, i want to share it but i need 
it subtitled, thank you :)Do you feel like it is imposable to live the way the bible teaches us to 
live? Remember Mark 9:23 With man this is impossible, but with God all 
things are possible.Don't settle for living a lukewarm life.Repent,pray and 
ask God to take rule over you in your heart and to give you revelation to 
know Him and overcoming power to live for Him.He will do it if you keep 
asking. Matthew 7:7 Ask, and you shall receive.Remember any teaching that 
is contrary with the bible is not of God do not be deceivedThank you for your message Dr. Lewis! I love very much all about universe. 
Many of the images of the observatories were mostly from Chile I think, my 
beauty country :) I just loved the video, thanks again!!! :) Humans share 98.7% of their DNA with Chimps and Bonobos (Apes), that is a 
fact. Evolutionary processes can be observed, they are fact. What actually 
happened in the distant past, evolution or God creating things, is theory. 
Personally, I have no problem with the idea that a God used an evolutionary 
process in creating the universe and life here on Earth. That makes sense, 
Humans use evolutionary engineering cycles all the time, that is a useful 
method for creating complex systems.I see God as being involved at every level of scientific knowledge. As Dr. 
Lewis said, He can be likened to an architect, but the most amazing 
architect of all time. He planned and carried out the creation of this 
incredible universe, and the more I learn from science the more I 
appreciate the complexity and sophistication of what He has created.I've often wondered why God would put us here to experience not only 
wonderful, but horrible things, if He didn't have to. I don't believe He 
would, and therefore those things must be experienced. We can't come to 
really understand evil until we've had to experience it, or experience it 
happening to someone we care about. Coming to know both good and evil is a 
primary, if not the primary, reason for being on earth.I wish theories like man evolving from monkeys was taught in schools as a 
"theory" with creation as a competing belief. Science cannot prove that we 
evolved from monkeys because it can only observe what we have today. God, 
on the other hand, if he does exist and he does speak to us, was there when 
he created Adam and Eve. He can vouch for what happened. Anyone can pray to 
God and ask him questions and he *will* answer in his own time and way. 
Evidence doesn't get much better than that.To assume that there is no evidence solely because you haven't personally 
seen any is rather presumptuous and short sighted. Have you personally 
carried out physics experiments at the atomic level or simply read about 
them in some book written by some man? The great thing about spiritual 
knowledge is it's accessible to anyone without purchasing expensive 
equipment. You only have to be willing to experiment and be honest. There 
is evidence for the taking.This guy came to my school and talked about mining asteroids. With his wife.Nightshadow, This is my question, Why is it that it is so easy for some 
people to learn? I can read all I want I do not comprehend what I am 
reading. I can't repeat what I jus read I feel that I am not intelligence 
as others I wonder why some people are so smart and others have a difficult 
time learning.To think when we go to the celestial kingdom, we will be able to create 
worlds all our own... :)Your God's role will keep getting smaller and less significant if you 
insist on assigning to him all the gaps in scientific knowledge.You speak of things that you do not understand. Not only does faith and 
prayer yield strength and hope in this world, but also delivers profound 
spiritual evidence unknown to the world at large. If you try to understand 
concepts of the eternal with a temporal perspective you will continue to 
believe theists are misinformed when it couldn't be more clear to me of the 
opposite. I am a published scientist and I would gladly offer my testimony 
of what Dr.Lewis is speaking of.The two eye analogy is pretty flawed. One eye believes to see something and 
thinks this is the right thing, and the other merely see fact, and operate 
only through trial/error. There is a reason all religion centrals around 
believe and prayer, thus far it has no proof of the factual statements it 
carry's out in a book. No more evidence than any other book, that is. I 
give religion a couple of generations in the evolved country's.(Not 
America;).What a heavenly reminder of truth found in the Holy Writ and also in the 
beauty of the universe. How blessed are we to have the truth surround us in 
every way.A wise man.Yes this is so trueI have bachelor of medical science and doctor of dental surgery degrees. I 
was convinced even more of a divine creator while going through my science 
education. There are holes in the science explanations for things. I do not 
think science is inherently wrong. I just think it is constantly developing 
and can only use what we can test to explain the world around us. One day 
scientists should be able to see the complete truth... hopefully. One day...I wonder at Dr. Lewis's habit of stating as irrevocable truths those 
religious creeds which might more honestly be stated as, "I [we] believe . 
. . " Science uses the terms "theory" and "hypothesis" when describing a 
potential explanation of the way the universe works. Would that religion 
had the humility to acknowledge that creeds and tenets are "hopes," 
"teachings," "explanations" but not ultimate realities. Cybele, I admire your patience in answering Jackson Forsey's somewhat 
bitter post. We need more people like you to help spread the gospel. I hope 
you never grow weary of kind responses.I don't mean any offense and I hope I don't come accross as judgemental, 
but maybe we would do better in sharing the truth if we did not sound so 
harsh. You sound very angry in your response to Jackson Forsey, but we must 
all of us understand that not everyone has had the amazing spiritual 
experiences that strengthen our faith.God is not the one who does bad things, but His whole reason in sending us 
here is to allow us to learn, and grow, and be tested. Those who suffer so 
horribly will have their reward if they are faithful. Not all of the 
blessings we obtain will be in this life, but they will be worth it. I 
don't know what's caused you to be bitter, but I hope you will find 
happiness.However, Dr Lewis does not say that the God as taught by the Mormon church 
is true. I love Lewis's analogy of both eyes together is the only way you can have 
the true view of the world around us. Recently I've been feeling almost 
embarrassed to call myself a Christian because I know that all of my highly 
educated friends & coworkers will immediately consider me as less 
intelligent. My wise husband told me that regardless of what the world 
considers intelligence-knowing God & his plan can only add dimension to 
your perspective on all science-only making one smarter, not less.The Scientist Aurthur Eddington Was Born in my My Town Weston-Super-Mare 
North Somerset England.This is where an understanding of the Atonement comes in. All the pain in 
the world is already taken care of and paid for. Every hurt of each child 
will be rectified. What this leaves for us is how we learn in the course of 
our human life. How we lived by what we learned. We learn best through 
hardship, we are purified through our struggles. And since we believe we 
lived before we were born, we also carry the knowledge that what we were 
born into we agreed to experience. It wasn't forced. and that 6000 year number was generated by those who did Jewish genealogy 
so its a guesstimate at best. Hello John, the earth was created with elements with billions of years old. 
The Lord used the material available to create the earth and those material 
are of years old.I've thought about that before Jackson, it didn't make sense to me either. 
However, after a lot of careful thought and prayer, I realized that 
everybody's trials are just different. We MUST all suffer trial and 
hardship (some more than others unfortunately). ALL trials make us 
stronger; ETERNALLY. If I die a horrible death tomorrow, so be it. God's 
will and purposes are greater than our understanding. Those who suffer the 
greatest are closest to Christ, as he (God) suffered greater than all.God never killed innocents like humans have, please do your research before 
commenting. And if you really didn't believe in God you wouldn't have 
placed so much emphasis on him. And the prayers of people in other 
countries do count, but some countries have less faith then others, also 
you can't rely on God for everything, he's no ones slave or servant. and if 
you really care about the needy do something about it.Hope that answers your questions? Suffering does not come from God, 
although He may intervene if it helps further our learning and brings us 
closer to Him. I believe that if you truly try to talk to Him and are open 
to His influence/answer you will find peace (at least with respect to your 
questions). Much Love, CybeleThose souls suffering enormously due to the actions of others will receive 
solace from Him when they pray in faith. This life is not all that there 
is, and our perspective is limited at best. Death is not the end nor is it 
a punishment...that is how WE see death. Suffering happens in this life 
because of man and man alone. That said, He does answer prayers, but it not always how, when, we would 
want or think they should be answered. He is just and the ultimate 
consequences for our actions or even the lack thereof will be had after 
this life. I also believe He answers our prayers through others like us. WE 
are, in many instances the answer to other's prayers. Jackson, this is a very difficult question, which I have often thought 
about. I believe the reason is that we are here to learn and we cannot 
learn without opposition in all things (light, darkness, evil, good).I 
believe we are here to make and learn from our own choices and in order to 
do so,God cannot intervene with the consequences of our actions (this is 
the overly simplified version). Sometimes I think that God has a perspective that we don't have. That's a 
great question. If everything was candy-land in life how would we ever 
learn anything? Maybe their difficulties with hunger are for them, and our 
difficulties with bombings and shootings are for us. Most of the time when 
awful things happen, people turn back to God in a way that they haven't for 
years. I think God allows things to happen to remind us of where we can 
turn for comfort.In general the churches stand is there isn't a stand. I am pursuing a 
degree of microbiology at a church college and the professors openly say 
that the Church does not disagree with the concept of evolution. We are 
allowed as members of the church to form our own beliefs on the whole 
"timeline" of the creation of the earth. I 100% believe in evolution that 
was started by God I know other members who don't believe. But the Church 
does not make that official stance. Hope this helps!Jackson, part of this world we all have to understand is that each of us 
has been given agency. Agency is like liberty and requires that we choose 
how we will live our lives. Some governments may try to take that liberty 
away on one level or another, but as humans we have a God given freedom. 
Having that freedom, we have to first learn what is right and what is wrong 
and then choose good over evil at all times. Some people in this world will 
choose evil but God can't take our agency away.If your questions were rhetorical, I apologize. I'm a Latter-Day Saint. I 
do not know the work of God. I do know he has a plan and a reward for those 
who had life unbearably horrific. Wether starvation is caused to test our 
faith or is brought forth by Satan, it will not be forgotten on the day of 
judgement. We all came to this earth knowing Satan would influence us, some 
more then others. We knew our Father in Heaven would watch us and protect 
to a degree so that we could experience mortality.God's primary goal is to help us become perfect, like Him, and not give us 
a comfortable life. In other words, He's more interested in how happy we 
are forever, not just for our lifetime. There cannot be good without bad or 
happiness without misery. He lets us suffer only so we can learn to trust 
Him more, and value the spiritual over the temporal. I have felt enough of 
God's love to trust that all the pain and sorrow in the world is there 
because it is ultimately, eternally best for us.The law of witnesses is EVERYWHERE. Our eyes are two witnesses to all we 
see each day. Not only does the law it exist here, it exists in the brain! 
The irrational, impulsive, "go for it" limbic reward circuit of the "small 
brain" is akin to faith and constitues one voice in our head. The rational 
voice of reason in the frontal cortex of our "big brain" on the other hand 
says "stop, think about it first." When one voice is louder (stronger neuro 
pathway), a chemical imbalance exists.Why do bad things happen to good people? Simply put, God respects agency, 
the freedom to choose to act as one wills. Take away agency and you take 
away accountability. Without agency there can be neither punishment nor 
reward. It is a terribly terribly flawed argument to say "evil exists; 
therefore God cannot exist and if he does exist, he cannot be a loving 
God." Indeed, He knows our pain. When we reject Him it saddens Him, that 
His own children choose not Him. All true prayers count.That was my experience, also. If you think that's the nature of God, watch this video on youtube. Just 
search "The Hope of God's Light - Dieter F. Uchtdorf - April 2013 General 
Conference." It address abuse (from the beginning to about 6 min.) and the 
tragedies in third-world countries (11-16 min.). Pres. Uchtdorf knows a few 
things about trials himself. He was raised under Solvent control til his 
family escaped, fleeing for their lives in groups to American-controlled 
Frankfort in 1952 having nothing but faith in God. ( Sorry part 2 here) But there is a happy ending to those that have 
suffered at the hands of others. They will stand as witnesses against those 
that have sinned. Also it is said that through the atonement of Jesus 
Christ all the unfairness of life will be made right, in this life or the 
next.From what I have learned, I would tell you that their prayers do count. Our 
Father Heaven hears all prayers and seeks to bless His children. However, 
before we came here, God gave us the gift of agency. As God, He respects 
the gift of agency He gave us, if He were to interfere with that He would 
cease to be God. Your question is a good one! It has been asked throughout the ages: "Either 
God is vicious because he does not want to prevent evil, or weak because he 
cannot. Could not God have made us all good so that we could not be 
anything but virtuous?" The best treatise I have ever read on this great 
question is "Death, Tragedy or Destiny?" by Spencer W. Kimball - Anyone 
interested in life's meaning will enjoy reading this!One of the key points of this life was for us to be able to make our own 
choices, good and bad. That applies to everyone, so many people suffer 
because of others' poor choices. That is why God sent Jesus Christ to the 
Earth, because Jesus Christ has made it possible for us to have healing and 
growth from those experiences. I suggest watching a video called "None were 
with Him." God does love us, all of us, and has prepared a way to heal 
everyone's hearts, through Jesus Christ.To anyone who wonders why God would let terrible things happen to people: 
Because we need to learn in life. We need to know sorrow, pain, and 
suffering before we can know happiness. We news know what the bitter tastes 
like to know the sweet.Death is a part of life here on earth. I am Latter-day Saint myself, and 
sometimes it feels like my Heavenly Father doesn't answer my prayers even 
if he does, sooner or later. I have two disabled sisters, and I could also 
say: Why didn't God give them the same privileges as I have, for example 
being able to read, count, etc.? Why don't their prayers count? Life here 
on earth is not fair, and it will never be until Jesus Christs second 
coming.Have you ever actually spoken with any of these people from third world 
countries? Many of them do believe in God, and they do pray, and they do 
believe he answers their prayers. Also, I assume at some point your own 
parents let you move out and make mistakes and get hurt. It doesn't make 
them bad parents. It's part of becoming mature, and a natural consequence 
of allowing people free will is that sometimes they hurt each other.Many of the answers to this question can be found in "Tragedy of Destiny," 
by Spencer W. Kimball, and yes, Jackson Forsey, God does exist. He knows us 
by name and loves us more than we can comprehend, and when we hurt and 
suffer, he hurts and suffers, too. The Atonement of Jesus Christ is real 
and can heal everything we go through in this life. If you really want to find the answers to your questions, I suggest 
mormon.org. You can chat with a missionary and find other answers from 
individuals who have found for themselves that there is a God, that God 
loves us and is aware of us as individuals, and that God sent Jesus Christ 
to not only suffer for our sins, but to endure every trial, every sickness, 
every abuse that each of us would ever go through--all so he could comfort 
us and help us change if we only turn to him.Your question is fairly common. One of the answers that I've gotten as I've 
studied the idea that bad things happen to everyone, regardless of who they 
are, is that God gave us the gift to act for ourselves. We all have the 
ability to make choices--some make wrong choices that can destroy the lives 
of others. But we are promised that Christ will comfort us and and all 
things will be made right in the end. It is only through Christ that we can 
find peace when we face questions like these.It is believed that God "organized" existing matter into the Earth. The 
matter God used could very well be billions of years old with fossils of 
dinosaurs which once lived on it, no one knows and the scriptures don't go 
into any specific details. Time is relative as well. We comprehend time in 
our own way. Science and faith must go hand in hand. It is safe to say that 
anyone believing solely in science, or solely in scriptures (as we now have 
them) will only have half the truth.God is subject to Laws. We came to this earth to learn accountability and 
we do that by making choices. God does not interfere in our choices...we 
are completely free to act as we choose. It is the choice of man that has 
created third world conditions. God cannot interfere. We are his hands on 
the earth...we need to do all we can to promote good and help his children 
here on the earth. It is not a matter of which prayers He answers. It just 
doesn't work that way.God is a just God. He knows more than we do. Those people who starve and 
who are suffering or more stronger because of it. If we didn't have 
adversity in this life then how would we learn. We wouldn't learn if 
everything was good and happy all the time. To learn we have to go through 
trials. When it comes to my own life I usually learn when I'm going through 
a tough time. I think God answers our prayers on his own time. Just because 
he doesn't cure world hunger doesn't make him not a just God. Let's say God exists and that He created us and the entire universe. With 
that kind of power, He could easily control our every thought and 
action--ensuring we all treat each other justly. What would be the 
difference between us, and mindless automatons? Mormon doctrine teaches the 
greatest gift God gave us, besides His Son, was our personal agency. I'd 
much prefer a God who desires me to think and act for myself, even if some 
of our choices may bring Him pain and sorrow (as seen in the Bible)I've never been one to pray for math tests or sports teams, so I won't 
comment on that. But I have lived in a third world country for extended 
time. LDS teachings mention that this life has a lot to do with people 
given the freedom to choose what they do and learning from that. The 
downside with that choice, is our choices rarely only affect ourselves. The 
wrongs we see in the world around us aren't caused by God, but by people 
making bad choices.That's a very significant question. Part of the answer, I think, requires 
us to understand that this life is not the whole of our existence. As Dr. 
Lewis says in this video, "We are first and foremost eternal, spiritual 
beings." Eternity is a long time, and this life is only a small part of it. 
Also, this is why the Atonement of Christ is so essential. He overcame 
suffering and death, not just sin, so that in the end all that is horrible 
and unjust in this world will be made right.Love this video, is the man in the video mormon?What great insight and concept - and explanation... science and religion as 
two separate witnesses of God, giving a deeper perception. I never cease to 
marvel at the intelligence there is around us, just begging us to believe. Thanks for such sooting music during a scientific soliloquy. It really 
adds! To me it symbolizes the lack of rancor which is one of his points: as 
science catches up let's be patient, not bitterly argumentative....thank you rogue682 ....peace old friend God is my everything and i will always love christ,Jesus and angels of 
heaven .I agree. That is true.I am so thankful that I was taught the truth from the missionaries of LDS 
Church AFTER public school and college taught me science - geological, 
physiological and spacial. What public school and college couldn't explain, 
the Church and scripture did!but no matter what decisions you make or what you believe heavenly father 
still loves you and is waiting for you to call on his name with real intent 
and faithHeavenly father put us on earth to overcome the world and the trials that 
follow..But the innocent must perish so that the sinner can stand 
accountable at the last day The scripture has also taught if you do not 
obey the commands of god you will be cut off from his presence, if you put 
your trust in the lord and call on his name he will prepare away for you to 
overcome your trials..One of the biggest gift Christ gave us was freedom of 
agency to choose willfully are decisions 