Really good explanation, how can you fight this? We you just can't. I find 
anti-mormon material not only childish and incoherent, but also a proof 
that the enemy knows about the truthfulness of this great work, he is 
really persuasive and tries to destroy the truth, we need to stand strong 
to defend the truth because it is precious to everyone, even to those that 
do not appreciate it. Hope everyone can develop an open heart and a willing 
mind before is too late.﻿We need to remember that truth will be persecuted, but the truth will out.﻿I don't get being anti-Mormon, instead of devoting yourself to be against 
something why not devote yourself to be for something?﻿I encourage people to watch the Video " A house divided against Itself"

because the individuals who fight against the church are the "generation of 
vipers" and 'wolves in sheeps clothing' that we were warned about and their 
behavior should be openly addressed as unacceptable in a righteous home. 
Anyone who will teach you to detract from your own beliefs and hate 
yourself for what you believe should not be welcome in your home or around 
your kids. Seriously.  ﻿Paul said seek for beauty,
In the light there is truth.
This is our solemn duty:
That we might share its fruit﻿That's one of the best answers I've ever heard.  Thank you!﻿This was awesome!﻿"We can't allow ourselves to get distracted from it."Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the 
time to understand more, so that we may fear less (Marie Curie)Anti-mormon literature helps builds testimonies by giving parallels with 
Jesus Christ and Joseph. Interesting thought. Well said. None of the internet filth bothers me one bit. I try to have a 
firm unshakable faith. People tried to cross and distort the words of jesus 
too to cause doubt. Follow people who sow faith seeds not doubt. Look to 
the light not the shadows. Read the scriptures not something that someone 
else said. Be not deceived.A thirst for knowledge is taught by the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints. Questioning your own beliefs is a good thing. The 
leaders of the church do not ask anyone to follow blindly.This video needs about 6.9 billion more views. Time to start sharing. :)It's absurd that someone would spend so much time, effort, money to produce 
material which is anti-to any religion! As he states in the video, you have 
to be spiritually grounded in order to withstand so much of the 
persecution. It doesn't bother me one bit, because spiritually I have my 
foundation in this Church, therefore nothing can convince me otherwise. The 
anti's should stop wasting their time. This video helped me much... Thank you!Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain 
them with shewed before of the coming of the just one; of whom ye have been 
now the betrayers and murders. Acts 7;52Being a convert to the Church after being in many other religions and no 
religion, and even leaving the Church and being anti-mormon and 
anti-religion, I can testify that those who are really interested in the 
truth, will find it. The Church is literally the Lords Church on the earth. 
It is not another man-made religion. Every single anti-mormon claim against 
the Church is a "little" truth and fact used to tell GREAT LIES of the 
Church, it's history, and people. I know from experience.How do you "cover up" what is readily available at a library? Most of the 
issues raised also have been addressed in Church publications at some point 
in the past. Most Anti Mormons claim credibility by claiming their material 
comes from "readily available Church publications". The charge of cover up 
isn't very credible. Anti-Mormon materials convince you easily to hate and withdraw away from 
the Church. It takes more times to gain testimony about the Church. It is 
easy to do bad than good. As a convert to the Church, I learn to recognize 
temptations, which I knew not that they were wrong. A pastor convinced me 
not to join the Church and mentioned bad things about the "Mormon". He 
didn't know anything about the Church as I do, he was not a member, but 
spread the bad news to everyone. Yes but the problem is that the new people finding this out had it 
basically hidden from them until they study it out for themselves and find 
this massive coverup and indoctrination of do listen to that other stuff 
because it is of the devil it scares kids into not questioning because they 
don't want to lose their Holy Ghost by being unworthy by questioning these 
things.All derogatory assertions can and have been addressed over and over again 
(by the Church and by its defenders (Fair, etc.). The problem is it only 
takes a moment to make an assertion based upon half truths, lies or 
intentional misrepresentations, but can and usually does take dozens or 
hundreds of hours of research or explanation to get to the bottom of the 
truth and how and why it is being mis-characterized by those with a 
negative and usually hostile agenda. See Elder Holland's Apr. 2013talkWe as a church encourage questioning but when you question your heart has 
to be open. You cant say are mormons poligamests and already have it in 
your heart that they are and go to utah and see millons of mormons who 
arn't and find 100 people who have branched off from the church and say oh 
all mormons are poligamists.I was given anti-Mormon material when I was first investigating the church 
and knew only a little. I read the books thinking they were going to "set 
me straight" but almost immediately I was able to discern that their 
information was incorrect and biased from an opinion-based perspective with 
no real facts. In fact I began to see this from about page 2. The books 
served a useful purpose for me though. I used their information to research 
the real facts. if you have doubt, do the logical thing and read up on both side all side 
and every side of the story, look for documents, records of every point and 
view, then make you mind up. by defaulting to the scriptures every-time you 
are avoiding other view points you don't even give yourself the chance to 
determine lies from truth. reading the scriptures is good but it is never 
it.Spot on Brother Otterson.The Church intentionally holds back on discussing in depth many of the 
problems facing people today or at any time because to even discuss such 
"problems" is to be thought of as creating actual doctrine. Does the Church 
really need to discuss homosexuality? same-sex marriage? the blacks in the 
Church? etc.? The answers are there and they're oblivious, but such answers 
are not what too many people want to hear. If you want to find "dirt" about 
anything, there are plenty of people to help you!I love how he speaks, what He says is so true. If we have that spiritual 
conversion,that "deeep foundation of faith and that solemn testimony of 
truth, we will not falter we will not fail" We cant allow ourselves to be 
distracted. We learn that there is opposition in all things, my hope is 
that we as Latter-Day Saints may remain true to our faith and press on. The 
gospel is a blessing and it teaches us correct principles so that we can be 
better people and children of God :)Well said. My experience has been you can tell when someone is truly 
interested or not. When someone is not even when you clearly answer a 
question and back it with scripture, they will often not acknowledge the 
point being made and change the subject / ask another question. Being a 
convert I've attended other churches and its sad their agenda is to attack 
others not of their faith which is not Christlike at all. God bless. :)Hey Mark - What questions they are raising specifically? I would love to 
help any way I can with finding some good answers.really wonderful!There is nothing the world with their eloquent scholars can produce that 
could possibly match the power of the witness of the Holy Ghost. The Holy 
Ghost speaks love and peace, while the anti-whatever speak doubt, fear, 
anger and deceit. Pure hearts will discern the voice of the good Pastor and 
will follow him, cry loud the wolves may. For me the only temptation they 
pose is to sow the seeds of anger and revenge in our hearts, because they 
have a way of being annoying. Love should be our message.If you define truth as "Everything I say without questions", then I guess 
so. I have been researching the truth for a LONG time, and although I wish 
with every cell in my body that the church were true, I remain unconvinced. 
There's just too many reasons to doubt. Maybe God made it that way on 
purpose, but I just can't buy that kind of reasoning. If the answers were 
so clear cut, there wouldn't be hundreds of thousands different religions, 
and only .01% of the global population being LDS. Good luck. The church has really stopped giving official positions on much 
of anything, in order to not offend current members, or be incredibly 
embarrassed later when it's shown not to be true. Look at their opinion of 
evolution. It went from absolutely not, to probably not, to "no comment". 
The prophet of the church doesn't weigh in on such matters like they used 
to. This is just a matter of fact, interpret it as you will.  LDS.org or Mormon.org provide answers about the Church of Jesus Christ of 
latter Day Saints.I know the Church of jesus christ of latter day saints is 
true and is Gods church restored on the earth by the prophet joseph smith I 
know the book of mormon is true every word i blocked God and religon from 
my life for years and i was at rock bottom i didnt know what else to do so 
i turned to god i prayed with sincerity and started to read the book of 
mormon im up to 9 pages a day. you should read it toJohn 8:32 And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. 
Truth is not something to be feared but something to be sought after. If 
one is dedicated to knowing the truth than all the anti-mormon or 
historical info in the world won't matter because truth will prevail. I 
find that most people either deny truth or don't keep asking questions when 
a truth is presented to them.fantastic adviceI agree completely, if someone is willing to question the church for 
arguments presented to them on the internet they have to be willing to look 
at the answers presented also in the internet to clarify those question the 
answer are there, but most importantly it all goes back to asking our 
Heavenly Father, there is nothing that compares to an answer through the 
Holy Ghost.I wouldn't say this is the church's OFFICIAL position, but a former BYU 
professor named Hugh Nibley gave a great speech entitled "How to Write an 
Anti-Mormon Book." He highlights what Mr.Otterson says, namely that none of 
this material is "new." You can listen to it at: speeches DOT byu DOT 
edu/?act=viewitem&id=830&tid=2 Or read the main body of his text at: 
maxwellinstitute DOT byu DOT edu/publications/books/?bookid=77&chapid=973Perfect interview. This fellow knows what he is talking about. He hit the 
basics squarely. Holy Spirit taught me the same. When I joined the Church, 
the Internet was about 4 years old, I was not well versed in web use. I 
searched via books, but what connected me with the Church was the direct 
experience from the Holy Ghost as 2 missionaries spoke to me on the street. 
At that time I experienced the confirmation from the Spirit, the clarity in 
my mind & heart & from there, it progressed. Amen.I guess it depends on what is right or wrong depending on how you view and 
treat people based on gender, sex, and race, but I'm not sure I have seen a 
properly convincing argument for the polyandry in the Church, tight 
counter-arguments for the Book of Abraham, or any type of explanation for 
how Blacks were treated (temple worship, priesthood, baby blessings, 
etc....) I appreciate his candor with being more open about it though and 
avoiding censorship. The slander and defamation of the world can be seemingly strong. But it is 
even stronger, the testimony that comes from God. I always compare to the 
slander and defamation: anti Mormon as darkness who want to obstruct the 
light by any means, but always this testimony radiate much more strongly 
destroying the darkness! When I have doubt, I read the scriptures and pray 
to God, because I know that He will never deceive me, He is not like men 
who look after their dirty interests!I would really like to see a video that discusses the issues that the 
anti-mormon people are raising. I have looked at the fairlds . org website 
to try to find some answers but it wasnt very helpful. What is the church's 
official position on these issues?The FAIR website is actually FAIRLDS . O R G He gets it wrong in the video I read a plethora of anti-mormon material during my conversion refuted it 
all. He said it right.. we should see them (anti-church materials) in context 
and perspective.. I had the same experience he went through. I'm a convert 
to the Church, but before that, I literally grew up reading and getting 
soaked to "anti-church materials".. but hey, look at how powerful the 
testimony of the spirit is.. I'm now, with utmost happiness, a member of 
the Lds church..