share your light and your faith and you can change anyone﻿What a good example u r, wish I was that strong when I was in young womens!@compendiumgravemind We do not have facts to know in science (such as 
what's in the air). Science is just theories. Ask anyone involved 
vocationally in science and they'll tell you that nothing can be proven 
100% and can only be proven wrong. For example, for a long time we "knew" 
that everything in this world was made of atoms. Only in the recent past 
did science realize that there has to be some other sort of matter because 
of black holes.You are a great example to all, especially the youth; thank you so much for 
expresing your love for our Savior and our neighbor. I enjoyed watching 
this video and your desire to reach out to others no matter what age.@NightElfGrenadier Believing and having faith leads to knowing. If you want 
to know, you CAN know. I believe James 1:5 says "If any of you lack 
KNOWLEDGE, let him ask in faith..." Knowledge come from faith if we allow 
it to, if we ask for it. I KNOW my savior lived, died for me, and was 
resurrected because I had faith, and I sought out these things in faith 
that I would find an answer. I KNOW this church is true, not because I was 
told by my parents, but because I sought after it myself.@dancerashlin thats a very well put metaphor... however metaphor's are not 
evidence for existance, less your saying air is some how proof of god. the 
diffence is we can prove air exists. without breathing it, without seeing 
is and without touching it.. tell me... can you give me the list of 
molecules found in the air? then i want to ask you how we know this. @NightElfGrenadier You know that air exists, even though you can't see it, 
because you can breathe, right? "I beleive in Christ like I believe in the 
sun- not becuase I can see it, but by it I can see everything else." -C.S. 
LewisWow, I like the music toowowMarry me!loved this video! can anyone explain to me the diagram thing that was on 
her wall? 