We'll pray for you Mark!﻿That took amazing conviction!﻿that was powerfull﻿That's what an Awesome God we have !﻿this makes me cry﻿great statement I've fallen away from our Lord for no reason and it's hard 
for me get back to him for some reason I think the way I pray to him or 
knowing how to pray makes it hard for me to have him in my heart. I've went 
to church before and I don't get that feeling in my heart and soul like 
others do. and would like some advice on how to pray and what should I be 
praying for! so is there anybody out there that has been in this same 
situation that can give me some advice? thank you.﻿This is awesome. I thought I would leave a comment and this is my first. 
I'm glad that Mormans are strong enough to put the messages on for everyone 
to see. It's great thanks so much.﻿"We love Him, because He first loved us."
-1 John 4:19

Nowhere is that truth more apparent than when we repent. We realize that 
God was always there, ready to welcome us back. Even when we turn our backs 
to Him, He never turns away from us.﻿Very inspirational.  I can relate to this story.﻿Wait my name is Ammon, the first person that I know that has the name Ammon 
:D﻿No matter what you are going through in your life God will always 
understand. He'll always be there for us. It's up to us to reach out and 
take him by the hand and wrap his arms around us and fee the unconditional 
love he has for all of us and accept it in our own lives. God bless you 
all! ﻿I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. I am 
grateful to my Brother, Jesus Christ for his atoning sacrifice. I know that 
I can be forgiven for my sins and if I ask with a broken heart and contrite 
spirit the Saviour will remember my sins no more. I love the Saviour with 
all my heart... What a great and inspiring video!!﻿I know the thought! I was like that to and the lord and Jesus was there 
always! I realize today how much I'm loved.﻿I love this because its true.﻿Thr words,gospel and miracles are inspired me in maintaining my faith to 
God.﻿Being Mormon is the best.﻿Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these 
things shall be added unto you ﻿<3﻿I am a Mormon.﻿I love this video it's so comforting.﻿Thank you for sharing this deeply personal and beautiful reminder.  I know 
our Savior loves us.﻿Awesome dude!﻿believe in god﻿Thank you for giving us this video. I am trying to come back to the church 
and the happy and blessed life I once had, but I'm terrified of having to 
go through the heroin withdrawals. I went down this road before and I was 
foolish enough to travel it again so I know what's coming. I can't do it on 
my own though. I've tried. I am so scared of what is coming, but I have to 
clean up my own mess...﻿This story really help me a lot thank u ﻿Oh I love god so much bless every one bless every one I forgive I love god 
he loves me he is always with me I love him so much he forgives everyone I 
have dose sins :( and I am vary sorry about it but god is always with me he 
tells me don't worry I forgive as u forgive as we'll I thank him love him 
he my god my saviour my hero of the light one time I was vary scared and 
god come me down and angles was with me I felt peace all over he was with 
me and forever he will be :) ﻿