The word "testament" means "covenant", hence the bible is in two parts, the 
old and new covenants, or the old and New testament.﻿This is absolutely The Truth and makes perfect sense. I wish every 
Christian would pray about this.No mormonism idnt the book but the King James bible is my FriendThis is so beautifully said. I believe in prophecy and can attest that the 
scriptures he is referring to are true. I have been a member of the LDS 
church since March of 2003 and before following through with the baptismal 
I read the Book of Morman. I prayed diligently over what I was reading and 
I felt within my heart that it is another testament of Jesus Christ. I love 
my fellow brothers and sisters in the church. This is my testimony in the 
name of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, Amen Love this.I love hearing Jeffrey R. Holland! Ezekiel 37:15-17 is one reference. The stick of Judah represents the Bible 
or the record of the children of Israel. The Book of Mormon is the stick of 
Ephraim because Nephi was a descendant of Joseph. These records, or sticks, 
come together as one.Prettysweetangel what book are u reading from? My KJV doesn't say that.John 5:39 39 You study the Scriptures diligently because you think that in 
them you have eternal life. These are the very Scriptures that testify 
about me, Isaiah 34:16 16 Look in the scroll of the LORD and read: None of 
these will be missing, not one will lack her mate. For it is his mouth that 
has given the order, and his Spirit will gather them together. @kashful00 hey its alright! if you need any help i would love to help. it 
can be tough going through the process. but you can start the church 
website at lds.org@kashful00 Pray and pray some more...read James 1:5-6 and ask for wisdom 
just ask for the truth and you will find it. Read the Book Of Mormon. Our 
Heavenly Father has not forsaken you and He wants you to know who HE is and 
who YOU are to Him. Just a little bit of faith from you and you will know 
the truth of all things.its vary intrasting this is so great i remember when i saw it and it was great.FYI the LDS church is true.He spoke in our Stake Conference last year in Australia and the fire alarm 
went off, it was so funny and he made jokes about it. He is the most 
down-to-earth man with such a great sense of humour and he gave a wonderful 
and inspiring talk. I wish we had more of the General Authorities visit 
because they have such a presence and spirit that guarantess you will 
always be uplifted and enlightened.Why don't Mormons use the Joseph Smith translation of the Bible? It's more 
correct than the KJV, right?@nugulars This response was short but vague... OBEY ACTS 2:38 ... Your 
preaching to the first chair choir.@TheCrwilliams Some folks have in the past, now do and still will prefer to 
remain in ignorance. They read of these things but never actually read 
them. It is a kin to my kids not wanting to try their vegetables... Veggies 
are Good 4 u, my friend! You ought not to be so fickle!@DWOODPHD Elder Holland is my most beloved Apostle. I should like to be 
friends with him. In many ways, my own testimony echoes his and I am 
forever grateful for his bold testimony he gave last conference! (Oct 2009)Elder Holland I love the testimony you give. It touches my heart and makes 
me so ever grateful for the restoration and the love Jesus Christ has for 
us. I love this church and the restored priesthood on the earth. I am so 
blessed to have this knowledge made know to me and my family. Thank you for 
the inspired words you speak.Elder Holland is truly inspired. I am so very grateful for my membership in 
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. My heart sings as I listen 
to the words of this great messenger of Christ ... Christ is my Brother, 
Savior, and Exemplar.Elder Holland is totally inspired. Priesthood holders like him stengthen me 
beyond words. I am so very grateful for my membership in The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the regular opportunites I have to 
hear these most spiritual messengers that make my heart sing.well the holy ghost or the spirit speaks to us through our feelings, minds, 
and thoughts.. he teaches truth..gives us feelings of love and peace. So in 
our hearts we feel good inside because thats the spirit and it is of 
God.... galatians 5:20-22when we feel something is true from out hearts..that is of the 
spirit....Gal 5:20-22I love this Video Elder Holland you are awesome.The Book of Mormon and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Is 
True. I have recieved a tesimony of them through The Holy Ghost.This conference talk helped me to explain things so much more clearly while 
I was on my mission.In Jeremiah 17:9 The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure. 
Who can understand it. In Proverbs 28:26 He that trusteth in his own heart 
is a foolThis is the truth!!!!!!It's true!!!!True that man! That is the gospel, check out 3 Nephi 27:20, you'll love it!By their fruits ye shall know them. The Holy Bible is the very fruit of 
Christ, and The Book of Mormon comes from the same tree. It is of a good 
fruit, the fruit of Christ. That is why the name of The Book of Mormon 
isn't complete without the statement "Another Testament of Jesus Christ"w\When you pray, ask him these questions, and after you've listen quietly 
for the answers for a few minutes. Sometimes it may take a few times of 
praying about something to get an answer, but he does answer prayers. The 
Book Of Mormon is a companion to the bible. It doesn't add anything to the 
bile or take away anything from it. The Book of Mormon contains the 
writings of ancient prophets, who lived in on the American continent for 
over 1,000 years ago. This is one of the best books out there.The Book of Mormon help you to know and to understand that God continues to 
give relation so that we can know of his love and how we can return to live 
with him. There are many promises, counselings, blessings in the Book Of 
Mormon, that ca help us to deal with everyday struggles in life. That's the 
beauty of prayer in our lives. We can know ourselves is something is true 
or not. It's like a Companion to the Bible, hand in hand. The Book of 
Mormon is simply another testament of Jesus Christ.I have searched for truth, I prayed to god and found the bible. Knowing the 
bible, I have searched for the right church, prayed to god in the name of 
Jesus Christ, and found the book of mormon. Knowing the book of Mormon, I 
asked god in the name of his Son Jesus Christ, and he showed me his church. 
This man is a real apostle from our lord and saviour Jesus Christ. You can 
also find out, if you read, think over it and pray. The missionaries can 
help you. I wish you gods blessings.yes sir..What do you mean by that? Does not what Elder Holland says about scripture 
and Christ sound Christian to you?It testifies or the reality of the Holy Bible. It supports Bible's 
testimony. Like Jesus being resurrected from the dead. The Book of Mormon 
records showed that he visited this people and testified to the people that 
he is the son of God.so how does the book of mormon help?? how does it improve apon the new 
testement.That's a good question. I read it and then prayed about it to get my 
answer. I figured that God would answer me and let me know if the book was 
legitimate or whether or not it was made up. I received my answer and it 
was a great experience.thepara...those are good questions and have answers. The best way to know 
if the Book of Mormon is true is to read the book itself with a sincere 
desire to know if it is true and ask God with real intent in prayer if it 
is true. For answers to all of your questions I would talk to the 
missionaries or an LDS friend and they can take the time to answer them. 
Also try the church's official website at lds'dot'org. (put a period in 
place of "dot")Guess I don't understand what The Book of Mormon is. How did there just all 
of a sudden appear this "another Testament of Jesus Christ"? Where did it 
come from? How do we know it's real? How do we know this Mormon Bible isn't 
something someone just decided to make up because he didn't like the way 
the original bible was written? Not being difficult... just saying. 
Seriously, how do we truly know that even the bible is what Jesus said? 
Nobody knows if it changed over the thousands of years.Sometimes all we need as a testimony booster is to be able to watch one of 
these messages from the Church. I am so thankful for this channel, and for 
the messages from these wonderful, choice leaders of the Church.That was a nice little pick me up -- thank you for posting.Amos 3:7 Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret 
unto his servants the prophets. I'm glad to be LDS!I love that we can have these spiritual uplifts even on youtube!This Church is the best thing to ever happen to me. I've been in it almost 
14 years now. I love these messages.The name of the video is usually the name of the talk.These videos are amazing & so uplifting! Thank you for them! They really 
make my day - especially when I am feeling down or my day just isn't going 
right - these are like a light that shines & lights the way for me to go. 
It is spiritual food that energizes my soul & lifts it up! Keep them coming!heavenly Father confirms that he does indeed continue to speak to us 
everyday. These vids help me to grow in the faith. ThanksRevelation is key in the church of God..Wonderfull messageI think that's a really good idea. I second the suggestion.At the bottom right hand cornor of the video screen move your arrow over 
the far right box. The "CC" box will slide up. Tag and it will trun on the 
captions. Tag again and it will trun it off.Elder Hollands testimony is powerful. The Lord himself bears a powerful 
testimony of the truth of the Book of Mormon in D&C 17:6,9 6 - And he has 
translated the book, even that part which I have commanded him, and as your 
Lord and your God liveth it is true. 9 - And I, Jesus Christ, your Lord and 
your God, have spoken it unto you, that I might bring about my righteous 
purposes unto the children of men. Amen.It brings a swelling in my heart and tears to my eyes.I always love Elder Holland's testimony & I'm proud to have served in a 
mission area where he did also.I'm glad we decided to put LDS videos on Youtube. It's good to see that the 
church wants to keep the spirit strong all around the world, even during 
these tough times. =)Very inspiring and uplifting. Thank you for this and all videos in this 
cannel.Elder Holland is so awesome!The feelings coming out from his words are so powerful... You are so great 
Lord, and we are so little.. I remember a prayer that say " Oh my Lord, 
your sea is so big and my boat so little... " yeah so is it. Despite all 
this message reminds me, in a way so powerful, in Whom I place my faithWhen I watch, CC is automatically on. If yours is not, go to the lower 
right corner of the video screen. Look for the gray square with the small 
triangle pointed upward. Hover over that and you should see a "CC" symbol. 
Click that and you should begin seeing the video with closed captioning 
activated. Unfortunately, YouTube doesn't offer a larger type size.Love this channel! Thanks for the uplift.Another great video. Might I make a suggestion? I think it would be very 
helpful if a link was added in the sidebar to the text for whatever talk is 
used in the video. I'd like to read this one, but it would probably take a 
while to find. If a link was included, I think it would encourage people to 
actually read the whole talk. It would make it much easier for people that 
wanted to do that. :-)does anyone know if you can see these videos with close caption for the 
hearing impaired?Me too!! :) He's my absolute FAVORITE!God is the same yesterday today and forever.Great! I love Elder Holland's wordsAmen.GOD love u such as u and me and the book of mormon rock and share it pleaseThank you for the vids. Please, keep them coming.So comforting to know that God continues to guide us today!!Amen!! :0)Love it!It has always puzzled me, that more people do not see and believe that God 
would and does continue to speak to His children, today; particularly in 
these troubled times. I am so grateful to have a personal testimony, of 
continued and personal revelation. tDMgThank You. I really love the fact that God has never left us truely alone, 
and he is with us continuing the work and word which was established before 
it was taken from the earth. Again Thank You.Elder Holland is awesome! For me I cannot grasp that Heavenly Father would 
leave us without guidance.this is awesome, when reading all the scriptures, u can see how they all 
tie together. the gospel just makes sence. i love itThank you so much for another inspiring video. I know that God continues to 
speak to us and he loves us.This couldn't be more true! God DOES speak to people today!thanks for your time for uploading this video. i do beliveI love this channel! Never fails to uplift my day!These are wonderfully uplifting videos. I look forward to each and every 
one.