That touch my heart he told me to challenge my fears and I have a bad grade 
and it stresses me out and this calmed me I love this talk!😊﻿The title of this video is comforting.﻿view www.mormon.org﻿woah, amazing voice﻿Everyone in the world has to follow Thomas S. Monson or be lost forever! He 
knows the Way! He cannot lead us astray because he is infallible! What a 
glorious promise. People, wake up! You must look to this man and follow him 
with exact obedience! Please! You'll be blessed by his keys and priesthood 
he hold!﻿We love our prophet ﻿I have to admit... I came to this video very very skeptical about calling 
this man a prophet, as I am not affiliated with Latter day Saints. But a 
feeling of peace came over me as the video went on. Just wanted to speak 
with some LDS members and say hello in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. 
May we all strive to be Sons and Daughters of God, peacemakers on this 
violent earth.﻿you have to learn for yourself.  IF you had been watching and listening to 
all the words said & written by him, you would know. Just as I cannot learn 
a new language for you, I cannot gain a testimony for you. You must desire 
it for yourself and study and pray and find it for yourself. (or not) if 
your desire is not real.  May God bless you﻿touched ! ....he is a true prophet of god﻿I made Christ the center of my life and my life turn around and things have 
fallen into place.  You can borrow my testimony that all of our Prophets of 
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints are the mouth piece of the 
Lord if they weren't the Lord would take them from us .. that doesn't mean 
if they die shortly after becoming the Prophet and are taken from us they 
were bad; it means they have served the purpose the Lord  needed them to 
do.  Humble yourself and don't get hung up and something so trivial.  Ask 
the Lord to help you realize the truth of what you want to know.  Love you 
and may the Lord bless you.﻿Why does the spirit not confirm to me when I pray to know if Thomas S. 
Monson is a true prophet of God? When I pray to know if Pope Francis God's 
spokesman here on Earth I feel a burning of the bosom--warm fuzzies that 
build up in my chest but I know he can't be! This whole spirit thing is so 
hard to wrap my head around. Do scientists who study principles that 
contradict the gospel or Book of Mormon feel Satan's presence?  #confused﻿Now that is some impressive HD﻿You are a Prophet indeed.﻿Thank you for your beautiful message.﻿This talk changed my life, and made me achieve the impossible﻿Comforting words from the Prophet of God, I cry with joy knowing that I am 
not alone He is always with me. ﻿Wow that made my testimony very strong thanx for that Mr monson!!!﻿No doubt this man is a prophet of God﻿Such a wonderful, caring man. Bless you.Praise To The Man... ♥This was a fantastic talk. Thank you President Monson for the insights into 
life you give.This Man is a leader and great man !I love you Pres MonsonI'm so glad this is online already. Sharing.The spirit was felt in his words!totally agreed with him about the conference! was so great, best so far I 
have been in tune with (:The Prophet, Seer, And Revelator Of Our Time! We Love You And Sustain You 
President Monson.