makes me cry every time I watch it﻿2nd time I felt the spirit in my 14 years﻿this is my brother.  I miss you!﻿Growing old together <3﻿I love the piano music. Wish there could be some sheet music available.﻿something to learn from.﻿And the tears came tumbling down......﻿I am only 15 but this video inspires me to love my future wife how this man 
does!﻿This was a lot like my grandparents, and this morning my grandma died and I 
saw this after. This is reminds me of the movie "UP". And I am really mad 
at who ever disliked this video. Even though I'm mormon and should love 
everyone no matter what. ﻿I was taken back by his genuine and selfless love and concern for his sweet 
wife. As I watched it through tears the thought came to me that I 
hope there are  more couples in the world that show such pure and unselfish 
and loving care for a spouse that is unable to take care of herself because 
of serious health issues. Here he does it even with Parkinson's and smiles 
while he is doing it. I'm sure Heavenly Father is smiling down upon this 
precious son of His.﻿Oh the tears!﻿Gotta be honest, films, movies and books never had made me cry. But this 
one...really got to me! I'm crying to death xD it's so beautiful to watch 
love like this ﻿Read "Racer Jay Dobbs" a very inspirational LDS novel about love and pain 
and racing.﻿so touching...true love 💜﻿Should come with a warning "cannot watch without crying"... Such a 
beautiful story﻿Can't hold back my tearsThat was just beautiful *sobsThe feelings you experienced are because Spirit has touched your heart and 
made you feel the Saviour's love. It is an indication that the principles 
taught in His Church are true. I know the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints is the Lord's true church, restored again to the earth 
through His chosen prophet, Joseph Smith. They don't look that old, especially that woman. Why are Americans falling 
apart after 50? It's a bit messed up.The Eucharist is the source and summit of Enduring Love, Christ Incarnate.Dear Brother, real men cry.This sweet video portrays a loving married couple, bravely facing the 
adversities of life. Resmarax, when you ask about the Prophet of the 
Restoration, you're surely referring to the Prophet Joseph Smith who 
restored the gospel of Jesus Christ. He died in 1844, but today we still 
have a living prophet, Pres. Thomas S. Monson. See church blogs for more 
information and to request church representatives to share information with 
you. This truly is Christ's church upon the earth! "Come and see!":') -3This is a perfect example of true love... to everyone. Very strong and emotional video, my father took great care of my mother 
even though she was in a wheelchair almost all my life, took care of my 
sister and my bother and myself, but my mother was his greatest love of 
all. So seeing this video really touched my heart.Много трогателно !!!! It was a good message. But a little heavy handed...que lindo el video I tried to not cry :( It's true love right here!Love this!Mormonism has saved my life. Like this comment if you believe in Love.I'm glad I'm not the only (boy) one who cried during this video. I love all 
these Mormon Messages, and most of them have the same effect - 
encouragement and peace. They even help me know I belong somewhere, if that 
makes sense. Man this life is hard, and I'm sorry to say but particularily 
as a person who's trying to always do what is right, trying to be a true 
follower of Chirst. PS. Is this the general in the Prophet of the 
Restoration?I absolutely love this video. I cried so much throughout! So simple but 
very touching.These videos are so touching.. every time!im not mormon. im being honest my brother is gay and i hated the mormons 
because i thought they hate gay people but than i realize that they dont 
they jus believe in jesus, and family and how families can be together 
forever This is a beautiful display of love and made both my wife and myself cry. 
Thank you for producing such an emotion filled depiction of love. This is 
exactly the love I hope to have when we are older and now! gets me everytimeI started crying as soon as I started watching this. So beautiful. Man, this made my cry. :)I just started bawling my eyes out.. This is true love.This is an awesome learning experience for me to love my husband.I am not ashamed to say I cried when I saw this. Thank God for the pure 
love of Christ, which can be manifested in us.I started crying within the first few seconds of this video... so beautiful.The church is true :-). This is a perfect example of true love. The woman is Tayva Patch, isn't she? omg i cried when i seen this...and i immediately thought of my husband...he 
always do sweet things for me i love this video This is a TRUE MARRIAGE SHOULD BE AND IT IS A TRUE COMMITMENT TO OUR WIFE 
OR HUSBAND. I cried when i watched this video I saw this, cried for 1 hour, then watched it again, and cried againLindo demais essa prova de amor incondicional. Tudo como nosso Salvador e 
Mestre Jesus Cristo nos ensinou. un gran video !! My wife is a semi-invalid, with tremendous pain in her back and legs, and I 
am a diabetic with pain in my legs and feet and cannot sit or stand for 
long, so this video hits home. She takes care of me and I take care of her. 
I and my wife, Rurh, are LDS, and proud of it. Thank GOD for the truth! GOD 
bless to all!Scott(the husband) does have Parkinson's and Eva recently has suffered from 
a stroke. They are not a couple but they represent many real couples. For 
example my Grandpa, who takes great care of my Grandma. He always opens the 
door for her. He walks around with her wherever she needs to go. That 
Christ like love is the point of the movie. Great vid!Cant stop crying..!!! this is incredible.... I came to watch this video as Shaycarl liked it and I wondered what it was. 
I am not a Mormon but I do respect all religions. This brought tears to my 
eyes, the kind of love you see in this video is what all love should be 
like. I got tears in my eyes :-( I know for a fact the lady in this video doesn't have anything wrong with 
her. She was my bishop's wife during my freshman year of college. She is an 
incredible person and is truly inspiring.this is the most touching video i have seen! and it made me and my mum cry!I would say because there are a lot of haters out there. God is love. The religion of Christianity is kindness. this is one of the most touching mormon vids i have watched! well done!Ridiculousness nit picking! Who cares if its a real couple or not. It's 
what enduring love represents.So sweet... .This question is answered in an interview with Bruce Newbold that was 
published on 18 June 2013 on the "Mormon Channel Daily" radio series.These are both recognizable LDS film actors - are they acting in this or do 
they have these diseases? It is a beautiful and moving video, I love it. 
I'm also really curious about this. same hereThis is so touching to me. I had csncer and my husband left. This gives me 
how that marriage can work and that there are men who Live there wives 
enough that they suck by God's desire. Very good video.True Love!I think there's a deeper metaphor in this video, in that our Savior and His 
Father love us as much as this husband did for his wife. No matter your 
physical or spiritual state, He is there in the Spirit, to love and guide 
you. I know what it's like to feel unlovable, but fall on your knees and 
let go... You'll find God there, I know it. Don't quit man! There is always hope. That is the gospel of Jesus Christ. 
No matter how dark the days, it will get better. I promise!! You can DO 
IT!!!The Saviour does love you and in time you will learn to see and feel this 
love all around you. Be patient, don't give up ever! Sending you my best 
wishes from Canada.Em nossa religião praticamos o amor no lar, o video esta apenas mostrando e 
ensinando que devemos amar e cuidar das pessoas de nossa familia :] e isso 
tem tudo a ver com A igreja de Jesus Cristo dos Santos dos Últims Dias Made me cryDear TheManofak, To have the love and devotion that this couple has is 
possible, but first an understanding of your worth and the worth of your 
companion as a Child of God is essential. Talk to your Bishop and talk to 
your doctor and give yourself permisson to start beliving that you too are 
a Child of God. This husband serves his wife, and charity is the pure love 
of Christ. To feel the love of our Savior give service and you will be 
blessed.Amazing, it made me cry ;(@themanofak, and one more thing. Remember, you are a valiant son of God, 
the King of all the universe. You have potential to become like him. You 
are doing better than you think. Remember the good, for He who is good 
remembers you.@themanofak, I'm sorry to hear of your hard circumstances. Recently my 
friends gave birth to their first child. Our first was yesterday. She is 
healthy and happy. My friend's child is home from the hospital on hospice, 
meaning it is presumed to die soon. God gives us all different trials. He 
does love us. We have to push ourselves spiritually and sometimes life 
pushes us. We agreed to that in the preexistence. Be patient and all these 
things will work for your good.Makes me cry. God I wish I could love someone like this.So many times in marriage we forget about the tough times. This is when the 
unconditional love that we need to have for our spouse is what should grow 
over the years. This has so much within this video, but how we serve each 
other is a defining moment in our lives that hopefully will replay time and 
time again. Remember, little things grow to big things. Make your love be 
worthy of our Heavenly Father's blessings.Please don't give up. You are loved. Sometimes we all feel unloved, but the 
Savior truly does love you. I am disabled and was shocked to see the similarities between my real life 
and this portrayal. My husband cooks me oatmeal, picks me daisies, makes me 
note cards, bakes goodies for me, brushes my hair, and we dance with him 
holding me up. This may be a portrayal, but this love really exists. I have 
found it. I am blessed.This is sooo beatiful :D how Gods teach us how to give a real LOVE ... 
thanks to this amazing couple who teach us today how is the real love :D 
God bless u (I want this kind of love)