Double "LIKE"!!! ^_^What an amazing story! Those are some pretty incredible grandparents, 
willing to do anything to help their grandsons to complete their goals.Examples of dedication and faith, what awesome young men and their family 
too.I am amazed at the shining attitudes that the whole family has. It gives a 
new perspective on making the most of one's life. Also - the painting of 
the family meeting the Savior at the end brought tears to my eyes. How 
glorious that day will be!I like what the one said. "I may not have it now, but I'll have it later." 
He's talking about his body, and how he'll have his perfect body in the 
next life. Love that.Do it! I wish i had had the opportunity.my journeys have brought me through many channels, some deep and dark, some 
deep and full of light. although I am not nof this faith, this is a story 
of light, light for us all, thank you....What an extraordinary family,the Wyatts...the young men, the parents and 
grandparents. They are extremely faithful and diligent to living the gospel 
of Jesus Christ and sharing it in more ways than can be seen. Their story 
is so touching and inspiring to all! So sadReally makes me think about doing a mission before i'm to old to goThis is very touching. Their enormous faith truly humbles me. They don't 
have 'normal bodies', but yet 'it doesn't mean that we can't help others'- 
what a godly love. Bless them.Inspirational story of the year.What a wonderful family...and strong stalwart sons! And what a wonderful 
motto! I will remember it as I face my small challenges. Thank you for 
sharing your story!"God has a plan for you, and you can spend your life fighting against it 
and what your mission / job here is on earth, or you can help the Lord 
complete what He brought you down here to do." Amen! So true for each of 
us! This was beautiful and inspiring. Thank you.I think this is an amazing story and example; I'm so grateful this family 
was willing to share their experience with everyone. But I don't think the 
narration fit for me - it reminded me too much of a local news spot. I 
guess I imagine these videos having a different feel.Amazing!My cousin has muscular dystrophy, and I really hope that he can serve a 
mission just like these young men. Seeing them serve a mission really gives 
me hope that my cousin can serve one as well