good﻿"And there's a point everyone's life where you have to have God, because 
you have nothing else"
The gospel is the good news and the peace and light to all nations. I'm so 
glad to share it, and I just wanna do all that I can to help Heavenly 
Father in this powerful work.
It's true, I know it!﻿I'm not a Mormon but thanks to the Shaytards I have been wondering more and 
more about your religion. Although I believe in Jesus and God and have been 
a christian all my life LDS is getting my attention and since missionaries 
never knock on my door I just watch these videos :) Thank you ♥﻿I can see my scripture mastery! :D I haven't cried that much in a long time. <3 Being a Mormon is the best thing that's ever happened to me! "The District" is SUCH a good show! I am SO glad it has been made! Always 
inspiring,I think this kind of videos motivate us to go out there and save life 
because of the joy and happiness that the gospel brings to us <3So inspiring! Wish I could go serve a mission right now! That was amazingwho put onions at 12:12? :,)Beautiful episodeme tooI'm sharing this video on my Facebook page. :)It's Come Come, Ye Saints. Such a great song!The rainbow was soooo appropriate ....loved this.episode...:)Come, Come Ye SaintsWhat hymn was at 21:00Be prepared to cry.the sprit hit me hard and I cried a lot I love this :)there is nothing stopping you go right ahead to lds.orgBest of luck to you :) Nevermind. I found it. I just heard there were 8 episodes. Just 3?Make a playlist? It's pretty hard to find these episodes.i miss my mission!!!Apparently not.Love these! but when are there going to be new episodes? please....I'm a member of this church, but I havent gone to church for about 7 
months. I need some help to get back up. I'm pretty doubtful about this 
stuff. I just hope I can get inspiration to go to church againThis why I want to serve a full time mission. I cried multiple times :') This series is so cool :D! very excited for the 
next one :)Great! Can't wait to see the next part.You can be! Go to Mormon . org and click visit and you can request that a 
couple of missionaries come visit you to give the same lessons you saw in 
the video如何讓字体更大一點????Do it now then : )Most "reality TV" shows glamorize evil behavior: lack of control over your 
appetites & passions, and lack of love & respect for self and others. 
That's what's being fed to our Youth as acceptable in our new "society." 
Now, this show speaks of righteous feelings (regardless of what church 
you're from -- or none), of family unity, and of Youth living and sharing a 
restored gospel that would be the biggest blessing on your own personal & 
family life (even for eternity) -- and you call this silly :(such a journey . wish i had my chance to go on my mission . but took the 
wrong path . seeing my friends going on there mission one by one . made me 
think . :( im 22 and hoping to get back into the church . this gives me 
hope I feel the spirit so strong when I watch this. I have a very strong 
testimony of conversion. mormon "dot" org/missionariesYou could be.Then do it? ;) Invite the missionaries over? :DI wish I was LDS.Tan hermoso y edificante ver cómo la gente puede cambiarat the end the little girl in the white dress is so beautiful :) and the 
double rainbowComments may be held for uploader approval. Are you afraid I might make fun 
of this silly video?This such a great video presentation. Well done. It is some powerful and 
spiritual. This one video that should be shared with everyone who wants to 
know about the church and its missionary program. I am LDS and I am proud 
to be a part of the church.I think this is one of the best shows I have watched in years. I am proud 
to be LDSITS SO GREAT!!!!this really helped me this week the sister missionaries were inspiring Thank you for uploading! Are you able to upload all episodes? I know theres 
a channel with the episodes but it stops after the 3rd episode. Really want 
to watch the whole series.BeatifulPrecioso...y verdadero! El Espíritu Santo me testificó de ello.THIS IS THE BEST SHOW EVER! Holy cow, this is amazing! 