I loved it!!!﻿@Amanda Balls the scripture by Elder Holland was Doctrine and Covenants 
84:88.﻿Such a beautiful message.﻿Thankyou so much for your message. It shows me that there is so much more 
to life and that there are people who are suffering way more than i but 
still have the faith to keep on the path. Thank you. U have given me hope 
again. ﻿Thanks for this. I feel weighed down by a broken marriage with the thoughts 
that this is my life for the rest of my time on earth - darkness, 
loneliness and a sense of loss for what might have been. This has helped me 
to realize that life goes on, that it does not matter if I miss out in this 
life - there is greater good to come and I too can make the world a better 
place in the meantime. It helps me to have courage to continue, to have 
hope. Thanks﻿Such a touching example of inner beauty, regardless of outward appearance. 
Thank you for sharing.﻿<3(*.3.*)﻿Nice!﻿I want to shake her husband hand. He's real man﻿Very inspiring. ﻿tan edificante..... quisiera saber como se llama la cancion de fondo de 
este mensaje﻿Thank you. You are a beautiful woman! ﻿what was the scripture shared by Elder Holland at the end?﻿Thank you very much for your strength, your testimony, your beauty, your 
spirit. This is the second time in my life that your example bears me up, 
inspires and fills my spirit. :) You are an angel sent for my times of 
trouble. ﻿I love the testimony and faith presented here! Lindsey Stirling is also 
sharing her testimony tonight at 6:30 PM MST on a live Facebook event. 
Don't miss it!
 https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10152804450076550﻿Are these guys YouTube's I would like to watch theme﻿mine too..im proudly to an LDS member...from Philippines﻿Stay Strong ♡She has the most beautiful eyes in the world--"the eyes are the windows to 
the soul."Glory be to godThank you for sharing your story. I have a story that was on KSL last 
Sunday between conference sessions called "Finding Forgiveness". I have a 
very small or beginning understanding of how The Lord can reach out and 
touch our lives, but we have to make the right chooses that are very 
difficult at the time. May The Lord continue to bless you and your family.I am forever touched by your story. I have a small insight or a beginning 
of your understanding. My mothers story was shown last Sunday between 
conference sessions on KSL called "Finding Forgiveness". May The Lord 
continue to bless you and your family is my prayer.I thank God for sending beautiful angels as yourself to be a great example 
for us to follow, and I thank you for being just like you are.My mom always told me "spend time working on the inside --- less on the 
outside". She went home to be with God on April 27,2009. I miss her 
incessantly. There are hard days, but if you can go on, Stephanie, so can 
I. You are a BEAUTIFUL mother/wife! I admire you so much. Keep on keepin' 
on !I give thanks to God for giving you the strength to share your story. It is 
truly beautiful and inspiring to all who know it. I echo your testimony: 
with Gods strength we can do all things. May He continue to bless you and 
your loving family as millions of people continue to pray for you!gracias por enseñarnos que podemos salir adelante y que la fortaleza 
proviene de NUESTRO PADRE CELESTIAL... today is general conference and they shared this storyThe church is true.would you ever marry a non mormon if they were willing to convert for you?trueyeahWhat a beautiful beautiful soul! That kind of strength is so admirable and 
desirable.Oops! What an amazing and inspiring couple. I'm so touched by the spirit.What AnaWow may god bless heryou are so strong. Stay strongSo moving, and the whole episode makes me realized to how beautiful life 
can be if given a second chance. I was a fallen Mormon,and this is my 
second coming...to actually come across Stephanie's story...I tell yous, 
that scar went to Heaven and back so she could enjoy life to the bitter 
end. Was just pure and amazing...Thank you sobbing.I will never complain about going bald again....No one should ever join a church based on a video. One comes to faith by 
Jesus and what He did for us on the cross. God is not a respector of 
persons or religion. Any religion that preaches the true gospel from the 
Holy Word the Bible, a person/believer can have salvation and eternal life 
through their faith. From that we grow as mature Christians. God loves us 
and wants us to pursue Him and have a personal relationship with Him. I always come back for more to uplift myself from this clip. Thank you 
sisterThis is an amazing story, thank you for your example of great faith. I feel 
sad for the 328 who didn't like this amazing story.It's incredible that the Gospel of Jesus Christ is capable of changing your 
feelings of despair and hopelessnes to joy and peace. I am sure that He 
answers our prayers and helps us change our ways always to better ones. I am a Christian and a Mormon and I believe that we are saved by grace as 
well, wholly reliant upon our Savior, Jesus Christ, for a remission of our 
sins and for our hope of Salvation. Thank you for sharing your position.An uplifting message. Truly inspirational.That's your unsubstantiated opinion.What song @ 1:00?this make me cry.. Just Cry ...Stephanie Nielson- I have read your entire blog and I'm about to start 
reading your book. I cried reading your blog, I just love your story. You 
are BEAUTIFUL inside and out. You're an amazing woman!Such a strong woman! :)What person disliked this?One who hates love?"motherhood and beauty are one" so true. All of you women are so strong and 
men are so lucky to have you devote your lives to the family. Cant wait to 
have a companion like this. I hope I can be there for her and be the father 
I have longed to be. Arch Angel, you should stand for that because it is correct. Anyone who 
wants to be saved should rely "alone upon the merits Christ." And I praise 
God that you see that.This is one of the many amazingly inspirational videos that has helped me 
welcome the Lord into my life Today I welcomed two young missionaries into 
my home who gave me a Book of Mormon They were the two kindest young men I 
had ever met I am in the process of joining the Church and learning the 
gospel just the few days that I have been actively welcoming Jesus Christ 
into my life the Lord has made each one special and meaningful. The stress 
of my life is melting away so that I may move forward.Thank you Stephanie Nielson in sharing your story of faith and happiness 
amidst the trial. You are truly blessed and certainly have a special 
mission to share with the whole world. Your husband is a wonderful man who 
loves you so dearly and always there for you. What a wonderful family you 
have and your loving and supporting children. May God be with you and 
family always. Im a born again Christian reaching out to every Mormon with the love of 
Jesus of The Holy Bible - His Living Word.I just barely met her with her two daughters here at the BYU Cougar 
Creations, she has an amazing spirit, simply amazing.I could not hold back the tears as I watched this movie. It made me so 
grateful for everything that I have. I am so grateful to a Heavenly Father 
who knows me and loves me and who is always there for me. I am proud to be 
a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and it is 
through this gospel that I am who I am today. Stephanie, thank you for your 
courage and your strength. Thank you for sharing your story, you are an 
inspiration to us all.Thank you for reminding me of my purpose.I love Stephanie's inspiration.I love the book Heaven is Here. If Stephanie 
can go through what she did, I can go through the challenges in my life. 
Thanks, Stephanie. i'm not mormon but i'm member of the church of Jesus Christ of later day 
saint that is mormon message or (LDS) i think if try to join us you will 
see what is lds or momon principesI am not a Mormon but wow! Christian's and Stephanie's story inspires me so 
much - good food for thought. Arch, thanks for reminding us about the importance of grace. Here is a 
verse from the Book of Mormon affirming your belief: 2 Nephi 25:23 23 For 
we labor diligently to write, to persuade our children, and also our 
brethren, to believe in Christ, and to be reconciled to God; for we know 
that it is by grace that we are saved, after all we can do. Arch, I am sure 
you beleive that in order to receive the Savior's grace you have to do the 
work of accepting Him and His grace into your heart. Letting your children walk on the kitchen counters is terribly unhygenic, 
not to mention an accident waiting to happen.she is amazing! :)I'm mormon (the church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints ) I believe in 
my savior my lord Jesus Christ , I believe in god , he is Heavenly Father , 
every hard time I find hope in the gospel , I have 4 years in this church 
and I wanna be here for the rest of my life , (sorry for my bad English)One beautiful mother and wife. A great missionary for Jesus Christ.I know the things said in this video are true. I look upon the trials in my 
own life and I receive comfort that they are for my well being. I know this 
because of my faith in Jesus Christ and in the love he and my Heavenly 
Father have for me.I came across your blog in Making it Lovely. I was moved and teary eyed 
upon reading your story and watching this video. You have such a beautiful 
family. Your story is an inspiration and a blessing that reminds us about 
God's faithfulness in our lives. Thank you so much for sharing your story 
to the world. I once reminded that "In every thing give thanks: for this is 
the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you." (1 Thessalonians 5:18).Did she died?It's amazing how she is still beautiful, not only spiritually, but 
physically, still such a beautiful woman.He has just as big of a heart as she does. I am a Mormon myself, raised in 
the church. The missionaries actually showed my family this video when they 
came to my house. I've never forgotten it. I love her story. I intend to 
show my future family her story one day. She makes me look forward to a 
temple marriage and an eternal family.Stephanie, what a Beautiful Spirit you have! An amazing amount of Courage 
and Faith. You are someone we should all emulate. Families ARE Forever, and 
your's is Beautiful. Thank you so much for sharing your inspirational story.You can have that..if you pray about it :) A message from Sister Gigi Green 
Alexandria 2nd ward (Latter Day Saints of Jesus Christ. I pray about it 
every dayIm a Christian not a mormon and I always will stand for grace and grace 
alone for mysalvation into the kingdom as christ taughtYou are won strong lady for all you Ben truIm sure without their faith in God this story would have been told 
differently and I probably would not have been inclined to listen. God the 
listener, the healer the giver, the teacher, All things to all people. She 
makes me proud of my faith.Great story of faith and love. We all need stories of this type to help us 
appreciate the beauty of life.This makes me cry every time <3 I love her.yup, of course it made me cry.I am so proud of her i am just very young but i am proud of her and her 
family. I hope she continues to be the way she is because the lord doesn't 
look on the outside appearances but the heart and this lady has both i hope 
u continues to be her i want to be like her..The video is trying to say that just because you encounter challenges in 
your life doesn't mean it has to define the way you live. The lady has a 
strong faith in Jesus Christ and Heavenly Father and being a mormon is only 
part of the story. No, that's silly. It is simply showing how her faith helped her through 
that hardship in her life.No. It is saying that her faith gives her strength to overcome the immense 
challenges. Bad things happen to all people. This video is trying to tell us that no matter what happens in life, you 
just keep on plowing through, and try to make the most of every day.I'm 18 years old and I love and look up to stephanie nielson I want my life 
like hers with a beautiful family and the strength to overcome anything! 3I am glad her children have a mother and father. Incredible story, great 
work from the hospital and staff, they should get a majority of the credit.Not gonna lie, I cried I too have followed Stephanie and her wonderful family for several years. 
She is always an inspiration for me. She is honest, but still has a 
positive attitude. It makes me remember to thank the Lord for all the 
little things that I often overlook. She is a true example of what Christ 
wants us to be. I don't care what religion you are, how can you not love 
and be touched by her example? Be sure to follow her blog also. I even have 
it on my favorites so I can get a positive start to my day. lets play for stephanie and her family ! pray ! Is this video trying to say, that just because she is a morman, she didn't 
die in that plane crash?This makes me cry every time I watch it. She is so beautiful and strong. At 
girls camp for our service project we marked important verses in copies of 
The Book of Mormon to send to Stephanie- she sends them out to people who 
ask. We invited her to come but she was unable to come speak to us, so she 
wrote us a letter and it was read to us before testimony meeting. She is so 
sweet and such an inspiration. <3