This is so touching.  I appreciate that this man understands what it means 
to be a father, that all of God's children need the opportunity to come to 
Earth.  He ended up with one of the most special spirits. Thank you for 
sharing this.﻿the daughter all HE IS AN AMAZING DAD﻿I love this video! It made me cry like a baby. I want to marry a man who is 
just like this. I want to marry a father not just a man. <3 ﻿This Mormon channel is awesome.﻿BLESSING THESES STORIES ARE!!!﻿I love my dad more than anyone in this world he has been there for me no 
matter how bad i have messed up. Because of him I know what it means to 
truly love someone so much you would lay your life down for them. I hope to 
be able to love everyone else and my heavenly father as much one day. My 
biggest fear in this world is losing him.﻿Forget flowers, chocolates, and grand gestures, this father is the most 
romantic person you could ever wish for.What a Righteous Man...Im crying watching this...se encuentra disponible en espanol tambienvery touching. My son is much like his, he cannot speak a word, or use the 
bathroom or be unsupervised for any length of time. He has autism and MR, 
He is 9 now, and It's been extremely hard on our family. I wished I could 
give my son so much more, I want him to have a good life. I think now, 
after watching this video, I'm just going to love him, the way this father 
loves his son. Of all the titles God could choose for himself, He has chosen for us to 
know him as our Father. Examples like Bill give us a glimpse of his 
reasoning for this. I am not one for crying. But as a 23 year old soon to be married to the 
woman I love, all I do is worry about how I will provide, what kind of 
husband and father I will be, and how I will overcome the pitfalls and 
profanity of our times. Speaking on behalf of young men my age, WE NEED 
MORE GREAT EXAMPLES. This video motivates me so much. Thank you!!Paid the price? Overwhelming joy for having a son, regardless of the boy's 
condition? You seem to miss the whole point of this video - that the 
challenges were far outweighed by the blessings.This video is very inspirational. This father does really care his wife, 
daughters and especially for his son. He is always there for them when they 
needed him so much. Thank you for sharing this beautiful and heart touching 
video.What a great man! Very touching :)My deepest regret is that I never had any children of my own. I have loved 
children all my life and out of anger I condemned myself, not Heavenly 
Father. To all of you that have children do your best daily to be goodly 
parents to the children you've been blessed with. It took getting old 
without to open my eyes.Don't do the same. This video is extremely humbling 
to me. think about the child. asking "he doesn't care what condition it is in" . lo siento mucho no entiendo mucho ingles aunque soy mormon, del area de 
puerto rico pero me gustaria que un futuro fueran con subtitulos en espanol"And the last shall be first..." Jesus ChristA great example for men everywhere. We are all dealt a different hand in 
life, but this is a great way to respond to life's challenges.where is the LOVE button. LIKE doesn't cut it.My dad came to America with nothing for himself. He worked extremely hard 
to provide his family and seldom spent on anything. He then met my mom and 
they got married in the church.My parents had four of us were a family of 6 
in a two bedroom house, but no matter how hard he worked he always had time 
to give us everything he could. Now we live in a 4 bedroom two story house 
and have been blessed countless times. I love my Dad's dedication to work 
his way up and I'm so proud to call him my dad :)wish i had a dad like thatmy father was like that....he sacrificed everything for us. hes gone now 
but i wish i could have given him more and been there for him and spent 
time for him more...Im only 17 and this give me hope that some day I can be a great fathet like 
this man.this video dont give me some tears, this just makes me cry :(a real man. Cried! Fabulous!He does sound like a good man, generally. However, his and his wife's 
willingness to explicitly ignore a doctor's orders to not have more 
children is concerning. While I'm glad they accepted the responsibility of 
caring for their disabled child, they IGNORED sound medical advice and paid 
the price for it. What a great guy, I have much respect for him. very touching. A father indeed!Bill you are are true son of God! Great example in so many ways! your love, 
and faith in your family made me cry! Such a great video, we can learn and remeber so many things. I know how it is to feel cut off from the rest of the world, like everyone 
else is sitting on high horses, so pretty and perfect but I assure you that 
you will always find love and hope in the church and in God as I did. You 
think that this family is perfect with her illness and the son's condition? 
They had to go through a lot to get to were they are today. You may feel 
imperfect, you may feel forsaken by the world, but I promise you with all 
my heart and soul that God will never forget you. This was very touching!!! Thank you so much!!! This was very touching!!! Thank you so much!!! I hope my sons grow up like 
this!!!I loved this so much I had to share it with everyone I know. What a 
wonderful man! I want to become a man like this this guy is awesome!In a good (celestial) marriage, husband and wife rely on eachother. People 
were not meant to live alone and be completely independant and 
self-suficent. We are here to interact and love one another. Together can 
be more perfected. I am sure that there are many ways the father in this 
family depends on the wife, even with limited abitlities. TOGETHER they are 
better. This guy is in my ward Wow. That man was a saint. AMAZING!!!bill and his son were my scout leader so every time i go to scouts i get to 
see him and his son they're both really fun to be around @tpstrat14 your comment was mean and hateful. maybe your church "forgot" 
you. but the church is not a building or an organization. it is the people 
of God. i come from a very imperfect family with serious issues but i don't 
share your experience regarding the church. i care about the imperfect 
people and families. i am the church. most people i know did not come from 
perfect families. even this good father is not perfect. im not Mormon so i 
dunno if you are being critical only of Mormon church?Herothank you so much for posting these videos...They have helped me so muchThe salt of the earthI want to be more like this man. I hope everyone does.AWESOME :)) I want to be the same kind of dad as him.. =)THAT'S MY DAD!....one of the most moving Mormon Message.My husband is a door-to-door salesman, and every night he brings home a few 
pennies and coins he has found along his daily path, and I love him for it! Why don't mormons teach women to not rely on men and provide for THEMSELVES?Bill is an angel. I believe he is a man created in God's own image. The man 
God intended him to be. Glorifying Him through his example.Um, the girls couldn't have gone fishing?? Im 37 years old, from Australia and I havent seen my 3 year old son in over 
a year! His mother has essentially abducted him and left the state. I am 
going through " The System" to fing him and as you would expect I have 
joined many mens support groups in the process. " The System" has 
completely forgotten men. This has gotten me to a pretty sad state of mind. 
But!, I was very pleasantly surprised to find such a wonderful story such 
as this.What a great man! Thank you, you've helped me alot.So he prayed for a son and got an answer, too bad when i pray about being 
gay, it doesn't go away.@sauntersil the best people need best people. A real angel for an 
expectional father!I am a born again Christian. I'm not a Mormon, but watching this video 
makes me reflect on the goodness of God. I have a very similar story. Thank 
you for posting this beautiful story.What about those without perfect families? My great grandfather committed 
murder-suicide with his wife. Through the generations, the church has 
forgotten us because the church is about perfect families, not imperfect 
families. And so because the church has forgotten us, I've forgotten the 
church. Oh well. There are other sources of love and hope.Thanks for posting this positive statement about fathers!@kgb1958 Me too, kgb, me too. How I wish I could have been a father like 
him. I would go thru the pain of my life again, if I could be a good father 
to my children. Wow!! Bill you are an amazing man!! And so is your family!!God bless you Bill, and your fine family.When Bill asked for a son, he got one of the best people that heaven could 
ever send. Those people are the best people in all creation.impressive, this is real manhoodI think people press dislike this just because it has the word "Mormon" in 
it. There was no reason to dislike this video.loveeee ! made me cryy..Family first, provider, strength- the embodiment of Father. Bill has more 
than the richest man on Wallstreet. "For what shall it profit a man, if he 
shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?" (Mark 8:36) Bad 
economies come and go not terribly affecting men like Bill because of where 
their heart and soul are found. We not only learn of a great man, we look 
inward and reflect on our lives, relationships and where they should be. I am a single parent and a father of 3 beautiful kids. It has been the 
hardest thing for me to have such a responsibility. And I have been 
discouraged many times. Thanks for giving me hope to be the best dad that I 
can be. Your quite the man bill....Men like you is what the priesthood is here for. 
I feel lucky to share it with you.This reminds me of my Grandpa Lewis. He was a garbage man for the rest of 
his working life after WWII. He raised a family of 4 and he and my grandma 
were married until the day he died. He was diagnosed with MS, but kept 
working as long as he could to take care of his family. I miss him so 
badly. He was this kind of man.Thank you for sharing this video! Thank you Bill for being such a great 
example of CHARITY!! You've inspired me & my family more than you know! 
Thank you!This video made me cry and think of all the my wonderful dad has givin us 
and for what he does for us :)<3 This made me Cry, it reminds me of my dad too, very interesting video, i 
love this man now, some who have the same job do complain for not having 
enough to support the family, this man does not have much either but he 
made his family happy and still have faith in God even though his Kid its 
not completly healthy, doctors have everything but they aren't happy. 5 
stars There's an ancient saying, "The world knows nothing of its greatest men." I 
am so greatful you posted this. So much of what is documented for posterity 
deals with the negative aspects of man. Here is a humble and sincere 
example of the greatness that men are capable of demonstrating. Warm Fuzzies!what a mans man when you see a father like this shows you what ture love 
truly is thanks for posting this clipAwesome stuff....here bro. & sis. is a true man..... Thank you Bill for 
your example:)This one makes me cry. What an amazing man.That is the kind of husband and father I want to be.Thanks for this video!! :) - LUKE 11:11-13 (NIV): "Which of you fathers, if 
your son asks for[a] a fish, will give him a snake instead? 12Or if he asks 
for an egg, will give him a scorpion? 13If you then, though you are evil, 
know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your 
Father in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him!"Great message! I love the Church and good fathers who are great examples. I 
love my father too. He has been such a great provider for us. I plan to 
follow their examples when the time comes when I too will become a father.I hope to prepare myself to be the kind of father that Bill is. I also want 
my children to look up to me and to know I love them, and be worthy to be 
called amazing and a good father.Wow . . .That's beautiful...im speechless!wonderful!what a great example for all of usHow different would our world be if there were more men like this in it.... 
a fine example, indeed.wow! im officially inspired.. thats how i wanna be..Thanks, Bill, and thanks to all the great dads out there. Thank you Dad! I 
love you! Thanks for being who you are.Its great to see a video that is worthy, and respectful towards fathers, 
instead of one that tears men, and fathers down. Thank you for posting 
this, and thank you Bill for being the man that you are!Amazing yes he is !Bill.. Man I salute you.. U are great..I totally cried! My dad is pretty wicked awesome too ;o)