The freedom to be myself, to not have to be anyone else's idea of who I 
should be. And the freedom to enjoy wild open space, and fresh air.I am thankful for the freedom to pray, to speak with my heavenly father 
without fear. I am thankful for the freedom to choose, what I think and 
what i believe. No circumstances can take this freedoms away.im grateful for the freedom i have to turn my life around and break family 
cycles, Im so grateful for the chance to change:):)All the time we think that we don't have enough. We always want this and 
that. And we don't relize of all the blessings that God has given us. We 
have homes, plenty of food, showers and baths, and many more blessings. 
Thank you Mormon Messages for posting all of these awesome videos.I love this video. Thanks so much!I am grateful to be experience gratitude for all of these blessings. 
Through the Atonement, I know He can soften and change our hearts as we let 
Him.You are truly a blessed man :)I am grateful to live in a country where I have the luxury of having 
hobbies.I am grateful for the freedom to worship God.I wish I could give your comment 10 thumbs up! I ♥ the 5,000 Year Leap! I 
just finished reading it. :)I am grateful for my family, and being able to travel to see them.I am grateful for my wonderful wifee. She' the coolest! — Made the best 
yummy fajita tacos for dinner tonight! :)I'm grateful for the gospel in my life. :)blessed are peacemakers for they shall be called the children of godThe freedom of voice, opinion and have a say...freedom to do things you 
know is right...I am grateful for the opportunity to use something like YouTube, be able to 
watch inspiring videos like this one and be able to share my testimony with 
others across the globe, and hear theirs as well.I am grateful the the ability to be a mother and wife, and to teach my 
children the truthfulness of the gospel.Please accept my apology for being only just a small bit negative. I love 
the message, but the videography detracts significantly from that message.I am grateful for the freedom to progress in my education and faith :)I am grateful for being able to make desicions in life and for our agency 
that'll let us choose and make mistakes and learn and realize how glorious 
Heavenly Father is, and that he will always love us.the freedom to love and have familiesi am grateful for the freedom my Heavenly Father gave me. Freedom to change 
our lives to the best we can.freedom is fundamentalwe are grateful for our freedom given to us by Heavenly Father...may it 
always continue....despite the political climate of our day....I completely agree.i love this one i ust love itThanks for another inspiring video! =) I love every one!the true essence of freedom it is comes only through Jesus Christ.. the 
freedom from being spiritually blind. and that choices will depends to each 
individual persons.. and if you put your faith and trust to him(Jesus), 
then that what U call "FREEDOM"The freedom to worship the Living God according to the dictates of my own 
conscience is true freedom.freedom is the product of obedience to the lords commandments.Love this.I'm grateful for being able to take a stand for myself in the face of 
adversity, without the fear of being severely hurt or killed.I am grateful for the freedom of speechI am grateful for the Freedom of education and the ability to raise my 
family in a free nation.Wonderful message. However, I find the the white-out transitions between 
scenes to be distracting and even annoying. Please remake with more subtle 
transitions.I am grateful for the Freedom wich nature brings. The freedom to to live 
and to worship my God. Thank you for this movie!i belong to the true church! hooooray!I love the freedom we all have!! Great video!I am grateful to be free... to be able to make my own decisions day after 
day, to choose to make the best of every situation, and to love everyone.I love this channel! The messages are always so powerful and spiritually 
uplifting! Thank you!!I am greatful, for the atoning sacrifice of the Lord.Wonderful! I am grateful for the Constitution and Declaration of 
Independence, I thank God for the amazing Founders He put here to create 
the country I love.