I am a mormon and I have also worked through an addiction to prescription 
pain killers. I still work through the cravings, every day of my life. ﻿Never GIVE UP!! There is always HOPE!! Do not cast the afflicted out of 
your lives!! Pray relentlessly !!!! RELAPSE IS PART OF RECOVERY!! MOVE 
FORWARD! This is a brain disease! Not a Choice!! ﻿Thank you. Fennec I saw the title I knew this message was for me. ﻿ORGULLOSO DE SER TU COMPAÑERO HELLY HANSEN, ERES UN EJEMPLO DE VIDA 
GIGANTE, HOY VIMOS TU VIDEO CON MI ESPOSA Y POR FIN PUDO VER TU HISTORIA, 
TE QUEREMOS DESDE CHILE ﻿I can't say I've ever been addicted to drugs, and to be point-blank I doubt 
I ever will, but this video was beautiful. Thank you.﻿I'm grateful for a Savior who can help us recover from our trials, 
troubles, and afflictions and give us peace.﻿Talking as a former addict from the age of 10-15, I completely agree with 
his statements about the Atonement and addiction. Its a ravenous whirlpool 
that only gets worse the further in you go. Truly awesome video. Love the 
series.﻿Thank you, powerful message!  It's true, he says "I doubt that these 
cravings will ever go away but I feel like I have some place to go to."﻿I'm so happy for you Jordan. Thanks for sharing your recovery. You have 
helped many on their journey of recovery and will continue to help many 
more. Georgiann﻿Life is hard...wear a helmet....and a breastplate, boots, a shield and a 
sword! 
Ephesians 6:13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may 
be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.﻿Esto demuestra que podemos obtener redencion﻿I admire the courage of the individuals who share real life with us so 
openly. My thanks to them for their examples of personal rediscovery of 
self, others and the One who heals.﻿Great video﻿Awesome turnaround, brother!!! :)﻿Its so Humbling to know there are others in my church that know the pain of 
addiction! I enjoyed this persons testimony very much, its very comforting 
to see these videos. Thank you Lord for being with me and seeing me through 
my time of adjustment and giving me much needed strength to push through my 
trials and resist the temptation's of the Adversary :D ﻿I was abusing Adderall at eight times the prescribed dose for five years. 
 I knew that I was not right before my Father in heaven and I knew that 
Satan loved me that way....But I defeated him through the power of the 
atonement of Christ.  The battle that I fought was terrible and ugly, and 
painful.......But I did it.  I am right before God.  DON'T GIVE UP.  THE 
LORD IS WITH YOU IN YOUR TRIBULATION.

"Oh thou afflicted, tossed with tempest and not comforted, behold I will 
lay thy stones with fair colors, and thy foundations with sapphires" 
 Isaiah 54:11﻿Great video. This showes that life is hard.﻿