I have PTSD. I am not military but suffer from this same disorder. Thank 
you brother Holland for this message.﻿that talk was and is and will be for me.... i have anxiety and i never 
though an apostle would be struggling like me with the same issue i 
have.... i ve been sent back 6 months after my mission because of that 
genetic mental illness that makes me act randomly if not well rested, and 
have a hard time telling appart real impressions from fake ones.... but 
then i started thinking that when Jesuschrist felt my illnes i am sure he 
asked himself: why do i have to cope with this...... why not just take it 
from me and why do i have it...... what do you want me to learn from 
this..... those questions went through my head but i never though that the 
Savior have thought that too before i was even born.

the bright side of it is that even though i have been sent back from my 
mission.... my mission president gave me a blessig in wich he said that i 
was going to finish the mission. Im still not honorably released, but 
medically released with the oportunity of going back to the mission field. 
and i will go back from december forth.... i dont know when but i have felt 
it... in the name of Jesuschrist amen.﻿Great talk! Inciteful into the subject of major depressive disorder. Elder 
Holland very caring and helps you understand this subject.﻿Thank You Elder Holland your message was just in time of my personal 
struggle in life.It's true that Hope is never lost.﻿this talk changed my life! loved it﻿Elder Holland makes onions cry...with the Holy Ghost! ﻿Amen..... What a beautiful, powerful message! Thank you Mr Holland, thank 
you very much!!!!!﻿Amen !﻿My dad is a friend of Elder Holland. When I first started exhibiting 
symptoms of a mental/emotional illness, my dad asked him for advice on my 
behalf. He gave the same advice to me that he gave in his talk. This was 
back in 2012 or the beginning of 2013, so I'm sure that Elder Holland had 
me in mind (among many others) when he gave this talk. In any case, this 
talk has been a help and support to me, and if that was the only thing it 
achieved then I'm sure it accomplished what he was hoping for when he gave 
it.
The unimaginable depression and anxiety that I've experienced the past 3 
years has finally begun to lessen. (At first when I started meeting with 
the counselors at BYU, they had absolutely no idea what to make of my 
symptoms, never had they seen anything so acute and severe. Finally my 
brother's psychiatrist was able to help and said he'd had a couple patients 
with my symptoms, maybe not quite as severe or in exactly the same manner, 
but the same nonetheless. He's been good. I had to learn not to be afraid 
to meet with him. It didn't mean there was anything inherently wrong with 
me or that I was stupid or messed-up in the head, it just meant I was 
struggling.)
Many people without mental issues don't understand the simple glory of 
being able to fully control your own mind. People take that for granted. It 
is only when you lose it that you value it so much. People don't understand 
how Satan (or the natural man or the flesh or whatever you want to call it) 
can trap your mind in a prison so effectively that you feel cornered inside 
yourself, unable to stand up for yourself, unable to feel any 
self-confidence, unable to feel normal emotions or think happy or positive 
thoughts, and sometimes unable to feel like your prayers are worthy or 
getting to God. And sadly, sometimes the solutions are so much more simple 
than we could ever imagine. Wise words: "While God is at work making those 
repairs, the rest of us can help by being merciful, non-judgmental, and 
kind." If all of us could do those three things, what an incredible world 
we would live in.﻿God bless you. You are indeed an Apostle of God.﻿"It is only an appreciation of this divine love that will make our own 
lesser suffering first bearable, then finally redemptive."
How in any way is suffering divine love?﻿Though I'm no longer an active LDS, this gives me immense hope for the 
Church and the good it can do in the world.  The General Authorities are 
years ahead of their time in their approach to mental health, and I only 
wish that American culture as a whole could be free of the stigma against 
those who are struggling.﻿I helped make a Mormon Message based on this talk for a class final at 
BYU-Idaho. Check it out at Mormon Message "Like a Broken Vessel"﻿Oh my goodness! I love you Brother Holland!﻿This kept me alive when I had suicidal thoughts , thanks. Most of the 
people just don't understand that depression is one of the worst diseases 
and is as real as any other diseases and can't be healed with positive 
attitude or anything like that. I am so much better now and I am glad that 
I am still alive , because I know who I am and I know my true potential . I 
pray for all those who are struggling with depression that they may find 
the strength to stand and endure until things change . It is difficult but 
life is so beautiful to give it up.﻿so weird, i got better last year after more than a decade of suffering.... 
god cares for all of us. He wrote this himself. All speakers at General Conference pray and write 
their own messages. Elder Holland is an amazing speaker. He is reading. Did he write this?There is no words to describe how thank I am for this talkYes, it can come out of nowhere, it can be genetic, or it can be based on 
events in our lives. And it needs to be looked upon like any other illness 
or injury. I hope that people begin to understand this and stop blaming the 
victims. And please don't ever injure yourself again.I'm so grateful for prophets in these latter days; yes a very needed talk 
for me even not in the worst it sure helps me to be my best, I thank you 
apostle Holland + family keep enduring your an inspiration to us all.This talk was a good first step by the church to recognize this problem, 
but I hope that they will build upon this and continue to give more detail 
and provide more tools to help those who are battling to find their way out 
of the darkness of depression.Sent by shay, I'm catholic but never have I been so moved by a sermon in my 
life. I don't have any spiritual support since loosing my nan and now I'm 
ill having had a heart attack last year at 31 but I am housebound now so 
only receive the sacrament at hospital .... My husband is my blessing on 
this earth and whom I prayed for when being abused its worth more then 
money and god bless you xxI don't think this is something that needs to be said, but I love you Elder 
Holland. You helped me realize that what affects me now will not affect me 
forever. Bless you and your family.Keep fighting...stay close to the Gospel no matter what. Like many I have lost family members and friends to suicide who battled in 
secret with depression and mental illness because of the unfortunate stigma 
that is attached to such conditions. Truly inspired and helpful.Yes, as many others I got here from Shaycarl's channel, and am so thankful. 
I'm not a mormon, but the messages here are so wonderful.Hello Rachel. I am sorry to hear what you've been through. I hope you ok 
now. Concerning your attempt to commit suicide, I think it doesn't come out 
of nowhere. It's an accumulation of a series of negative thinking and a 
result of a void in your spiritual life. I think I can help you overcome 
these feelings. May God help you in your hard times. Amen. :) Yes, all over Europe! lds dot org/locations wow ! i am speachless!Yes, there are. If you want to find someone there to talk to, go to Mormon 
dot org, click on Visits, then on Find A Church. You can call and they will 
come talk to you or you can check out a meeting. I spent two months in the hospital after a suicide attempt. I was going 
through the worst depression of my life. It came out of nowhere, it's just 
an illness like a cold. It needs to be treated. I'm only nineteen.Heart touching ... Speech it,s really speechless from meQue bueno!Why can't everyone be this kind? Thank you Elder Holland. You are truly God 
sent.I came home from my mission just over 2 weeks ago to get help with 
depression and suicidal thoughts. I needed this talk. Thank you doesn't 
begin to cover to gratitude! I hope this is a more temporary struggle so I 
can finish the remainder of my 14 months serving. I've replayed this talk 
several times a day since Saturday trying to remind myself there is hope. 
Thank you Elder Holland.I found this video from Shay posting it on Facebook. Thank You Elder 
Holland. I really needed to hear this today! & it really lifted me up. <3 
I'm thankful you mentioned Stephanie Clark Nielson. I had not heard of her 
before & I look forward to reading her Blog. She sounds like an amazing 
woman! Thank You <3 he is not a prophet, but he is an Apostle. Truly inspired by heaven. Yes, they are all over the world. You can go to mormon.org or lds.org and 
find meeting/church houses or any information that might answer your 
questions. After I watched this talk, I wanted to stand and clap. If I was there, 
which I almost was, I would have stood and clapped after hearing his talk. 
I know it is unheard of and not done in church settings, but it is like he 
spoke everything I felt and needed to hear from a church leader, that 
someone understood and would not condemn me for having a mental illness. 
Did anyone else feel that way? I feel like that talk was meant for me. I 
needed to hear that. I feel like a weight was lifted. Thank you *tears up* I really needed that. :)What an amazing talk. I'm so grateful I had the opportunity to listen to 
his words. Thank you Shay Carl for bringing me to this video. Good talk.Thank you elder holland!I'm not Mormon. I watched this video because I seen the shaytards liked it. 
I'm glad I watched it. Elder holland that was the best talk very. I'm going 
to watch more on this channel. Very good speech....BrilliantMy word.I'm not even mormon, and I enjoyed this.Wow, very powerful Loved this.What a brave woman. I love how she is going forward.Exactly. Entail illness should be treated like any other disease, diabetes, 
heart condition etc. not mormon but appreciated this.ShayThis truly moved me, thank you :-)is anyone else coming from the shaytards?Shaytards sent me here! I am not Mormon but I am a Lutheran and I am just 
very Interested in others peoples religion** Beyond excellent!More than human,but rather so humane and glorious!May 
G-d shine Chesed (Lovingkindness-one word in meaning.)upon all!Blessed Be 
The Name!:B"H!Ahavah raba(Thank you)Shaycarl for this link. **I'm not Mormon.. But I agree with what mr holland said.GOOD SPEECHSo powerful!!! Wow!! I always enjoy his talks.Best talk ever.absolutely amazing and beautiful talk. this was definitely a talk that 
EVERYONE can relate to. Thank you so much Elder Holland. Thank you so much for this! Exactly what I needed.. Thank you Elder Holland 
♥Is there Mormons in Europe too ?A beautiful speech. Thank you Elder Holland.not scarier, more inspiring. Shay sent me..... :oShay Carl has sent me and im so glad he did. This is such a eye opening 
experience. Thank you. Thank you this topic is very close to me and my family. I have a child and 
sister that both suffer from mental illness. I was crying when you talked 
about how the caretaker needs to remember to take care of themselves. This 
is so true for years I would get ill every winter until last year when I 
said no more I need to take care of me. I still feel guilty but at the same 
time I know that I must take care of myself first so that I am there for 
them when they need me the most.thanks shay ily I like this guy. A very progressive view of a very touchy issue with 
religion, which he communicates very well. Shay CarllllllllllllllShaytards brought me here! SHAY sent me here!!!!shane.Shaytardslife-changing talk. honestly. Thank you Elder Holland. We need jeffery r holland jokes instead of chuck norris. Holland is far 
more scarierElder Holland is truly a prophetBest talk ever!!