I absolutely loved it !!!﻿Cute :)﻿That was cool!  :D﻿Moral of this and all the other mormon ads I've seen: Moms ruin all the 
fun. definitely not the intention but really, come on, moms are fun too!Proud to be a mormon :) What a great blessing is this church and its 
teachings to my family.I d be the happiest men on Earth married to such hot relief society member 
tooAwesome! :-DThis is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I don't know if this is right or not but I think these ads are more 
dedicated to dads then to to moms. Since a good relationship with your dad 
is so important and not to be sexist or anything but men are less likely to 
spend time with their children.i remember, my daugther and me. my life is blessing for Good every days ( i 
am sorry for my english, i am colombian.)Thank you. :) The book of mormon is goodI like seeng all of these lds people and guess what im lds and we are 
Awesome!!!:);)Great video. Not sure how anyone could mark this as "dislike." and the good thing about it i'm a Mormon!!!lol i love itgood mormons@horngirl09 It's asking the working dads to spend time with their kids. It 
showing a typical saturday afternoon setting, and what better use of free 
time than to spend it with the kids? It's not supposed to be detracting 
from the mom, it supposed to be highlighting that busy dads can spend time 
with their kids too. The mom is just always the one who walks in on their 
imagination, to show the audience that it's their imagination. @horngirl09 I'd take it as a complement. I think in general, moms do a 
better job at being moms. They don't need as much reminders to do things 
with their children. Fathers, on the other hand, need more reminders. I 
know that my father pretty much ignored me and could've used a reminder or 
3. I've also seen many of my friends' husbands who are self-serving and 
don't think much of others, wanting "their" time. The only thing I don't like about these ads is the fact that the mom never 
gets to join in on the games. Is she too busy being a housewife to be a mom?Hahahaha this is cute. I wanna spend more time with my daughter soon:) i 
love this ads. :)@stellaluna4u2 Listen to the Missionaries & pray about what they will say 
to you if it is true before you say "I'm not a mormon and never plan on 
converting"I'm LDS and I've seen my mom's side of the family who aren't LDS and how 
they are towards each other. They are mean and rude to each other! They 
don't support each other. Just wish they could see this cuz no matter what 
religion you are, family is SO important! Even if you don't like what your 
family member does, you should still love and support them. I love these 
ads! welll for you??? and?? anybody said that.... anybody said that the mormons spend more time with 
the childrens than the others.... they invite you to spend more time with 
the childrens... there is a diference. @MrBadfish2 I think that's the point. This message isn't only directed at 
Mormons. Gordon B. Hinkley said "A nation will rise no higher than the 
strength of its families." I think that's the fundamental message here.@MrBadfish2 You're right! The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 
encourages everyone, regardless of religious affiliation, to spend more 
time with their families. @nhfoos They arnt saying you have to be mormon to play with your child, 
they're telling you to do it more often. @MrBadfish2 That's the whole point of the ad; to encourage people to spend 
more time with their families. It's not a recruiting spot; it's just a 
reminder.these are fun. I like the new(ish) scientology ads too they're showing on TVEven though I'm not religious, I like the overall message this add (and all 
the other ones) sends to people. Brilliant! Thanks. Don't understand what being Mormon has to do with spending time with your 
family. All people should do this... and all relgions do, not just mormons moms are kinda space aliens some times they are the best!!! luv you mom I find this very odd. The way I became of member of The Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints, was via a commercial on the SiFi channel. In 
fact the commercial came on 3 times before I decided to call for the Book 
of Mormon. Some time thereafter, I met missionaries and they gave me the 
Book of Mormon and studied with me then I got baptised. That was in 2003. 
Here we are in 2011 and I am happy for making the right choice.I don't may not agree with religion itself, but I think everyone agrees 
with more time with the family.I don't get it.....I'm an atheist and play with my children like this!@Treddian Yes and a big new problem is video games . Men esp think since 
they are in the home it is OK . But they are mentally somewhere else. Love the video!!!!Even as an agnostic atheist, I really like this commercial. A good, 
universal message.K PEEPS WHATS THERE TO DISLIKE ABOUT THIS VID?I see so many people completely consumed by their jobs, bills, and buddies 
while their family atrophies. Beautifully delivered messages like this 
video are needed now more than ever.@zamriash thats not the mainstream church. its off branching sects. @zamriash Sweetie, mormons aren't polygamous. @jaromadair they have very strong family valuesHow fun! Even though I understood the message, it would be nice if the 
captions are actually working. thank you for putting alot of work in 
spreading the gospel!gotta give it to the Mormons to their dedication to family and Christ Oh my goodness! I want my brother JJ to see this, it reminds me of the 
fighter ships we built after watching Tron! I wish I could find that photo, 
I would post it!translate to Spanish please@omiolo it's the best thing in the world, family. We just have to spend 
time with them to find out :)?Families can live together forever, through heavenly fathers plan. I 
always want to be with my own family. And the lord has shown me how I 
can...The lord has shown me How I can" love that song!its so easy to get side tracked with work and ccomputers and such. I work 
two jobs and its easy for me to forget to spend time with my kids. I'm 
grateful for these reminders. @omiolo yeah dedication to many families with different wives.Awesome. So what a daddy should be.@paolo27th Family time is important :)Very creative ad. Quality time with your children will creative great 
memories for both parents and children.So cute!Duh Be involved with your kids.Go out of your way to spend time with your family and enjoy each other. It 
doesn't take much to make your kids' whole day ^_^What is this commercial trying to say? I have no idea.I remember seeing these on TV when I was a kid. I like the ones that end 
with the little girl saying "the Mormons!"great cgi, that's all i've got to sayThis video makes me want to get married in the Temple and have cute little 
children.LOL!!! This makes me happy!!!@amberjane9 - LOL COOL! hahaha!wow they should keep making more of those everytimeWhat a delightful message!That's my garage! Except it isn't a garage, it's a carriage house, and it's 
at the far end of the yard and not connected to the house at all. So this 
is really weird to watch. Also, I think the reason they used a VW Bug is 
because that's the only car they could fit through the door...Good luck! Hahaathat is the cutest commercialAw, that was so cute!In today's society, people don't make time for their fmailys. They r always 
on the go. I f people everyday made time to spend with their families, they 
would be more happy, and their life would be more full. I believe that this 
is a crucial part of happiness in life.Fantastic, only if more people had these values!! Promote good morals and 
the world has hope ;)hahahaha so sweet!so funny...i love itHahaha! This is great! I haven't seen it yet!!!I absolutely love our church. And to think, these commercials come from our 
tithing and fast offerings! Wow!vanderley: We have a lot of cool, talented LDS in all facets of the movie 
industry, in case you didn't know. Blessings.Nice! :)THese Homefront Commercials are so coool!!! I am amazed!ya, the church has done a lot more since i was a kid not to long ago; i 
wish i had these commercials growing up, funner to watchman that was awesome lolWhat a great video! Fun and poignant and touches the heart!Wow times have changed... by far one of the unconventional Church produced 
commercials I've ever seen. Interesting to say the least.Sure there are, and I think thats exactly the point: we dads need to get 
into it, too! :-)Actually, it has a lot to do with this, but its certainly not automatic. 
The Churchs teachings on being an attentive and invested parent will lead a 
person to be one—*if* the parent chooses to take those teachings to heart.Thats kind of what I was thinking. I dont think she needs to be older—shes 
probably 30 or so, which is fine for having a kid that age—but a little 
less supermodel would be nice.Super message about the importance of families and the importance of 
fathers spending time with their children. President McKay said: "No other 
success can compensate for failure in the home."never say never... hehe 8-)Don't they? Well, maybe through satellite TV.... 8-)There sure are -- probably a lot more mothers spend time with kids than 
fathers... and THAT is precisely why these ads probably show fathers! They 
are trying to encourage fathers to spend time with their children as well...w00t! Awesome!I love mormon ads! they're so good. :)This church is the best one out there - seriously.As a member and a big fan of SciFi, for me, this is an awesome ad! And it 
still has a good message.I'm not a mormon and never plan on converting, but I love this ad!!!! Great 
message for all familieslove these!! cept, there are mothers who play with their kids like this 
too, not just fathers! :-)Why the letterboxes?awesome.....cool, I really like all the mormon ads. thanksyay. i love mormon ads :D