What matters most Is the free Gift of salvation offered to everyone through 
Gods son Jesus Christ.  Love is important but without Salvation you have 
nothing.﻿I love the Prophet! ﻿So beautiful :-)
﻿Love this message. People count, things don't. Love one another. ﻿He speaks to Jesus! ﻿My favorite prophet! Though I do say that that about each prophet in 
succession. ﻿They love you, they has a way different to love, but they do! My mom and my 
dad never told me too, but i know they do! Is sad to me don't hear but when 
i remember of all sacrifices that they did because of me i can feel 
better... Your mom and you Dad loves you, I know ;)They where allowed in the church just like every other color (unless it was 
a state or coutry issuse like in south africa) but they where not allowed 
to carry the pristhood. Christ wouldn't teach to the Gentiles, only one 
tribe of Israel got the priesthood, we see example all thorugh out the 
bible of Gods selectiveness.I am 21 and I have never heard my mom nor dad say those three words to me.Why cant he?this is very inspirational I love President Monson, he is the living epitome of unconditional love.I always come back to this video every time I feel lost and unsure about my 
decisions, actions, choices, and everything. This video inspires me and 
help me choose the best for me. :)Beautiful Words !Thank you Prophet Monson.So rare but so happy to see a video with such a beautiful and building 
message actually get almost a million (997,842) views on Youtube!Family is the most important thing on this earth and most of all our 
Heavenly Father.Truly inspired :)I totally agree. I come here to be uplifted and especially when I'm having 
a hard day. The words of the prophet uplifts me and helps me. This site 
does just that.Я люблю Бога!Luke 22:19 And he took bread, gave thanks and broke it, and gave it to 
them, saying, "This is my body given for you; do this in remembrance of 
me." Matthew 26:28 For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed 
for many for the remission of sins. What a beautiful warm and caring message, that goes straight to the heart, 
and makes all else seem so trivial. God bless.GIVE A CHANCE TO YOUR SELF AND YOUR PRECIOUS FAMILY TO BECOME AND TO BE 
MORE IMPORTANT EACH SINGLE DAY SHARING , HELPING AND GIVENG LOVEAND many LDS Leaders have taught kindness towards Non or Inactive members 
too. But move into a Utah LDS Ward as a non member as see how it really is 
especially towards the children. Unfriendly, unkind, left out, Mormon kids 
can't play at your house and the list goes on. I'm a Non LDS Utahan and it 
happened to me as a child. My Grandkids and others are experiencing the 
same. Many good children end up with the wrong crowd because they are 
treated better by this Utah subculture. It's a shame!0:21 People of African descent weren't allowed in the Church for the 
longest time.We should Have Thanksgiving everyday, Daily not to be a holiday but to have 
it as a routine Because of what god has given you life. give Thanks to the 
lord and accept what has been givenYes, I like that quote from the prophet, very enlightening, cause 
sometimes, I fall short on this matter, "Never let a problem to be solved, 
become more important than a person to be loved" I will bear that in mind. 
"We Thank Thee Oh God for A Prophet..." R.I.P to the children and teachers who lost their lives at elementary 
school in ConnecticutThis is beautiful. Thank you Thomas Monson for this message. Regardless of 
religion, social status, gender, age, or sexuality, this message should 
resound loud and clear for everyone. Love and peace be with you all.shaycarl sent me here.Thanks Shaycarl, I needed this =]Thank you Jebus!Recently, I've committed myself to hugging and telling my dad I love him 
more often. At the same time, I imagine myself hugging my Heavenly Father 
thanking him for giving me the best dad in the world! I think when prophets are growing up some might say that they will become a 
prophet but they how could it be there are better people I'm not worthy 
enough they never boast about it and they never I know I will be a prophetthis i a gift that God has given us all hence love been the greatest gift 
of all mankind....share your love to everyone in your life thats what the 
saviour did when he was on this earth many years ago.... : ) again i cry..What a beautiful message! I'll take the message to heart and express my 
love in word and in deed. You may ask the question then, why do we need to celebrate birthdays? I love the churchi always tell my wife how much i love her.sometimes she thinks im high on 
something but wat im high on is the love she gives me.That's what life is about, that's beautiful. :)Well as far as Mormons go, we keep it simple... either you're Mormon (LDS), 
or you're not. There are the FLDS and the RLDS that had separated from us 
long ago due to their own deviations in doctrine, but, we do not associate 
them with us at all.the first time I remember saying "I love you" to my dad was when I was 
about 43, my dad was about 81, sounds sad but it was actually so beautiful. 
he responded by saying "I love you too"this is what the church is about that is why i love itwith so many news and info on the matters of this world, mormon messages 
help me to do my best to do my part in makinng this world a better placeI'm not religious, but Mormons seem to be the least bad. Are there sects of 
Mormon that are as bad as southern Conservative Christians?Actually our tithing does not go to humanitarian aide at all. Humanitarian 
aide comes completely from fast offerings and other personal contributions.I'm glsd you liked it :D. May God bless you this week and those to come ^^ 
He love you :DI agree very much so,As a 14 year old teacher,It is my responsibility to 
help and maintain the family,And keep them happy.P.S. Happy Easter!~~NEVER ASSUME, LET THEM KNOW! For time goes quickly! Standing on the dock by 
the majestic ocean waving goodbye to a vessel departing our shores,as it 
sails it's last journey in these waters~ may we treasure that moment and 
place it in a sacred part of our hearts to dwell forever, for it will never 
come our way again. sounds pretty coolI am afraid that for the sake of giving "universal" and ultra soft messages 
(according to our own mind) we often times lose track of how God would want 
us to behave. Isn't it that there are certain issues we need to be rather 
strict about even if it means to oppose to he mainstream? Unfortunately, I 
don't see many videos that do not fear no one but God and talk about real 
priority issues, such as the ongoing cruelty around the world.@fokabks : Apuesto a que si usted va a LDS.org tendrán que seleccionar el 
idioma para usted! Vuestra acogida! ;) @MrDevilstreaker : I like what japantokyomission said about this!!!!! :) 
CHRIST LOVES YOU!!!! :) I always love hearing the prophet's voice i love every message that he 
gives hearing his voice and as he shares his thoughts fills my soul with 
delightI am not a Mormon. This message is powerful in its simplicity and value. So little time, yet very inspiring. @tullisbabe Thank you very much..I guess I can understand it now.:)..As a 
Filipino, I don't understand English sometimes especially when there's a 
meaning behind it.But most of the message I can understand and that's very 
inspiring.@MaximilianIndustries Thanks for helping me understand it more. That's well 
appreciated.At least now I have an idea.:)@MrDevilstreaker This is not the place to discuss. I don't mind a friendly 
discussion on differing beliefs, but I know that as I come to a page like 
this looking for an uplifting message I don't want to see angry, malicious, 
and discouraging words right below. I know there are plenty of people that 
have valid points, but this isn't the place to present them.@prilme27 I think the point of the statement this: as we are going through 
life and choosing what to spend our time and our energies on we should not 
allow our problems to overshadow our relationships with those we love. It 
emphasizes the theme of "What matters most." @prilme27 He is talking about if you have a problem between you and 
somebody, that it can be solved, don't let it get between the love you show 
that person. Atleast that is how I understand it. I really like this 
message.thank u for every person that i see or what their own good actions they i 
love everyone and they love me I love the message, that's so captivating. I am just an investigator and 
probably will be baptized one day. I just don't much understand the last 
lines that says " Never let a problem to be solved become more important 
than a person to be loved". can somebody explain this further?Thanks.I was very touched. So true. You don't need to be religious to let people know you love them.what matter's most is Jesus's love for us. Everything else just falls into 
place.Pt 1: Help me UNDERSTAND!"God himself was once as we are now, and is an 
exalted man, and sits enthroned in yonder heavens...If the veil were rent 
today, and the great God who upholds all...was to make himself visible—I 
say...you would see him like a man in form—like yourselves in all the 
person, image, and very form as a man; for Adam was created in the very 
fashion, image, and likeness of God, and received instruction from, and 
walked, talked and conversed with him..." (King Follett Discourse).@fraughtonaround there is also lds.org but i recommend Mormon.orgWe are open to discussion, but arguments are an ineffective use of time for 
both parties. We're totally open to discussing our religion with people and 
we love to do so. We actually have missionaries all over the world who do 
that voluntarily for 2 years. You are also welcome to attend one of our 
church services on Sunday to see what we really believe.Never let a problem to be solved, become more important than a person to be 
loved@OneDayCloserToHim Genesis 1:27, Genesis 5:1, Genesis 6:9, the scriptures 
tell us that we are created in his image, so how can God not have a body?How come your sites always moderate and exclude anything that is againsts 
your faith? Are you not open to discuss your religion ?@OneDayCloserToHim Hey bro that is true about Latter day saints beliefs God 
has a Body of Flesh and bones tangible as mans and we also know that he has 
an eternal and glorified body(the body of flesh ad bones) and thats what we 
know to be true The message of this short video is the core message of the Mormon Church 
All we do should relate back to loving and serving others.@OneDayCloserToHim All the scriptures are very open to 
interpretation--hence all the different Christian churches out there. God 
has always used prophets to teach truths about Him and explain the words of 
past prophets. We are God's children and rather than being an inconceivable 
and unknowable being God has a real physical body. We were created in His 
image, and while He is very different from us there a piece of His divinity 
in all of us.I love President Monson. -3I heard something that can't be true about Mormonism. I read that Mormons 
believe that God the Father has a body of flesh and bones. He is not 
uniquely self-existent, transcendent, or eternal. I know this must be 
incorrect because of the scriptures that clearly say, He is eternal, 
immortal, not like man like Numbers 23:19, Psalm 90:2, Psalm 93:2, I 
Timothy 1:17,1 Timothy 6:16 and so many others that say He is eternal, 
immortal, not like man, invisible. This must be anti-mormon propaganda 
right.I am so proud to be a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints. I am proud to be a priesthood holder. I love president Monson. I 
have a deep respect for him. I know heavenly father lives. And I know this 
Church is TRUE.@fortwashingtonusa The Church asks to pay a tithing, which is generally 
what all Churches ask. A tithing is 1/10 . If you are not working the 
Church does not expect you to pay, but is there to help you in your time of 
need. When you are sick members bring you food, come and do chores you 
can't and make sure you are alright, just like a family who loves you does. 
The Church help so many other needs of people not only here but in 
countries that have had disasters. They reach out to those in needI lobe President Monson. I love listening to his talks at general 
conference!@hfimc002 Yes, those are some common points against The LDS Church. What 
God wants is what matters most, even if it's unpopular to the world. 
Polygamy was practiced by prophets of the Old Testament, when it was 
prescribed by God. The Church came under considerable ridicule, moving to 
free the blacks around 1844.The curse cut off from holding the Priesthood, 
not to be despised by righteous followers. I've also meet many very happy 
blacks in The LDS Church.Necesito la traduccion de este video :D o por lo menos qe me escrivan lo 
que dic el video ?? grasias I love our dear prophet; may the Lord continue through him to guide the 
Lords church, in the name of Jesus Christ, amen!@fortwashingtonusa actually, we tithe 10% and no invoice is sent at the end 
of the year. No one is asked personally to pay. we went through a difficult 
time financially a few years ago and did not pay tithing, the Church helped 
us with food and bills and to find better jobs. We are the only Church that 
doesn't use any public tax money for our benefit. please don't tell us what 
to do with the money we tithe. it is to serve the Lord and 
people...including you. :)@Globalsedition because some people try to make good things look bad 
unfortunately and the video poster should have the right to not allow such 
comments to be posted under their video ;)Love this video!@fortwashingtonusa assumptions won't take you very far, I'll promise you 
that...