Wonderful!!!﻿His work is so so beautiful. I actually like the clay of the prophet better 
than the bronze though. What an amazing gift. Getting to do something you 
truly love and are magnificent at must be such a happy way to earn a 
living....wow what talent! Thanks for sharing :) I wonder, because I believe that he 
said it was "a calling," if he was paid to do it or if was just a calling & 
work of service sharing his talents that he did for free? He obviously took 
it as a great honor & was happy to do it either way, I was just wondering 
if sculpting could be a calling? I'd never heard of that, it sounds pretty 
interesting. I also wonder if they pay those people who paint the scenes on 
the temple walls or if that's a calling as well?Despite your religious affiliation, I must say as an artist myself, there 
is a unification unlike no other, knowing that your creator (different to 
everyone I assume) has created you, and that you have created your creation 
and know EXACTLY what it needs and how to nourish it. This parallel is an 
awe-inspiring one, one I hold dear.It is about the greatness of our blessings from our Heavenly Father this 
message in particular is about our greatfullness of the many tallents we 
have been given,and how we can use them to serve and beautify this Earth 
and Honor his work. God bless you.Beautiful story! I love hearing about people who use their unique talent to 
share the gospel of Jesus Christ.mhm mhm right there my friend! We are all sons and daughters of heavenly 
father! :)Nicely said! :) phenomenal.I love that. Why is this on a mormon channel? it never even said the word mormon in it. 
it had about 7 seconds out of a 4 minute video having anything to do with 
religion.so.... Whats a Mormon?Holy COW! He's amazing! What a stunning talent. Wow, this is amazing. That is an exact replica of the prophet. He's very 
talented. Kudos to him and his team.wow, he's so good... That is amazing!Pres. Monson is a prophet of god! The church is true! Pure giftI could feel some of how Bro Buswell probably felt after he completed the 
sculpture of Pres Monson. I was privileged to be chosen as one of the 
official still photographers at the Sacramento Temple Groundbreaking 
Ceremony and could feel the Spirit's testimony of the sacredness of what 
was happening and how pleased the Lord was with this (then) new temple. I 
still feel much of the same as I look at the pictures I took. Elmer Ping, 
Sacramento East Stake California That is really awesome. I like it.Wonderful, God-given talent! Thats so cool!!