This shows how important the temple is and how important it is to keep it 
sacred﻿I love how even though He is clearly upset and outraged, and uses some 
physical force, He still very visibly manages to keep Himself under 
control.﻿Amen﻿Jesus Christ is aweswome﻿Christ worked ONLY in righteous dominion. His power was real for it came 
from above. Like a big brother, he was angered, for the children were doing 
wrong in the eyes of the Lord. You can see the people running, and the 
ground rumbling for the Lord is angered that such a holy and sacred place 
would be used for mere profit and gain. Righteous dominion indeed.﻿I've heard some athiests attack religion because of this scene in the 
Bible, saying He overreacted in flipping over the tables. As for me, I can 
totally see where Christ was coming from. People were selling stuff in HIS 
house. On top of that, His house is Holy. He had every reason to be upset 
about it.﻿I love learning about Jesus by watching these videos. ﻿ In its greatest truth yes!!,,,But we also have a higher lesion being 
spoken here.... and that is that we are the temples.... That stick and 
stones are not as important then faith,, intent,, consciousness,, and 
actions that we place into are daily life's of worship......Question is 
dose the temple personify this truth or is it even greater then 
that.....Physical or spiritual....Perhaps in time such truth will be 
reviled. By ourselves or other means!The temple is a house of prayer, house of learning and house of 
order.....and house of faith and not a house for marketing....:) Love the previous commentREBUKE like a BOSS!good menThe Temple is to be a house of prayer. i love that scripture thanks for sharingThis is the kind of Jesus that we need in today's world of unbridled 
wickedness.This is one of my favorites to come through the Mormon Channel yet. The 
first time that I saw it, it was longer at the end and showed the 
disappointment and betrayal the Savior felt better. My sense is that the 
Savior was driven more by pity for these calloused souls than anger and I 
felt the longer version showed that nicely. Bring it back please. :)Interesting how they shot this--you see the people running away from Jesus 
before you see Jesus.Ok, love it, like all the Bible videos on biblevideos.lds.org, BUT, some of 
these are just a bit too short. This video was so believable, absolutely what it would be like. SO well 
done! I felt the power of God in it, because those people running would 
only be running away if it WAS the Son of God! Powerful.This is a true depiction of our Savior, who came to cleanse His temple from 
filthy lucre, as a man of righteous indignation. This truly is realistic, 
even to the CG of the temple, as it was constructed, at that time, on the 
temple mount. True in every detail. Bravo to the producers and directors of 
this perfect snippet!youtube.com/user/MormonMessages or more directly 
youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4A73DDEE675FBC39&feature=plcpOoo, That gave me chills.Awesome question. More videos like this are featured in the Bible Videos 
playlist on the Mormon Channel.Just go to the Mormon Channel YouTube, and they have a playlist for "Bible 
Videos" you will find a bunch there :)So much truer to the scriptural account than portrayed in renaissance 
paintings and sermons on "righteous indignation". Thank you.Where can I find more videos like this?Excellent!Awesome! I wish the scene was longer...All the Bible Videos I have watched are very well done. Includnig the 
Savior cleansing the Temple!!!Rebuking like a BOSS!Jesus is my herocompelling representation. Completely believable costumes, sets, 
performance!Uau!