I have a testimony of charity for I live it I do it for the glory of the 
father not for mine but for him and him alone﻿Thank you I needed to hear this.﻿President Monson, your talks  and the way you smile when you give them,  is 
very outstanding and Special.  God bless you.﻿Connect to the divine
And show a heart of gold
Forgiveness, every time
Is brilliant to behold﻿Fellow travelers
On this journey called life
Let's love, rather
than judge and criticize﻿Oh how I love you
Beyond what I show
For you remain true
To truths that we know﻿You let me down
That is true
But still be known
I love you

Thank you for your words, President Monson. You have lived a life of 
service and kindness!﻿No one is perfect
We know not the heart
Take time and reflect
How judgments can harm﻿Come view each other
Through life's window made clean
Love one another
And let your best be seen﻿Come listen to a prophets voice - what a wonderful Spirit his words carry 
to my heart :)﻿These guys never change.  There dialogue is always inspiring, always kind 
loving motivating non judgemental, they are doers of the word.  A true man 
of God. I love president Monson.﻿I love President Monson, I am soooooooooooo happy that I am a Latter day 
Saint. I am soooooooo happy to be a part of this amazing religion. why start?you would feel it even more if you would be a Mormon. I testify on that.I agree. I've learned alot from President Monson.Did you listen to his speech? I do like his sense of humour...a funny character, but as a Mormon myself, 
understanding the duties of Prophets through the ages can truly inspires 
every hearts by the messages they share, and above all, by the revelations 
they giveth. Monson is such an amazing speaker. I can testify of the truthfulness of his 
words.Why not start visiting the church? How can a prophet of a multi million dollar corporation run a non profit 
organization? Great message. I just love hearing President Monson speak in General 
ConfrencenceIm not Mormon, but I love listening to his messages because they are such 
wholesome talks. Praise God!I just love his sense of humor, espescially how interesting he make's his 
talksThis is a no brainer?I'm follow him! then join LDS member in soon!his jokes are funny, i love him. i love the church :)thank you for this talk....loved it...love u President Thomas S. Monson:)...d8J2Lh oh see thanks for I read website text.closed captian???That was my first relief society broadcast! Will always remember this talk 
:)I feel the truthfulness of these words as they find their way into my 
heart. Thank you.