So joyful! Each moment is so precious.﻿I've watched this video at least 30-40 times since I discovered it just 6 
weeks ago. It has become a favorite. I feel the Spirit each time. Thank 
you!﻿i love the music in this video, i want it.﻿Those rare instances when there is no contention in my home, are my moments 
that matter most.﻿Like a child on the swing of your life
Look up towards Heaven above
And focus on the warm touch of light
Let the moment move you with love

Truly seek what matters most
Stay aligned to Christ through the highs and lows
He will send the Holy Ghost
To reassure you this is how light grows﻿This is great to help with truly see the things that matter most in life.﻿Recently I've been watching a lot of youtube videos bashing Mormons. I'm 
not trying to find evidence against it or anything obviously, but I just am 
so amazed as the stark contrast of the spirit between videos like these, 
conference talks, and then anti videos.  Such a dark spiritual feeling in 
those versus such a bright warm comfort here.﻿Amen!﻿this was beautiful 
I also really loved the music
Does anyone know he name of the background music please??﻿That just calmed my day! and put things of my short life into perspective﻿Muy tierno y si hay que poner atención en lo real y verdadero﻿my friends mom and brothers are in this! its so amazing and i just love 
this video so much﻿i wuv dese moments.﻿Wake up and smell the roses. Those are the things that matter the most.﻿beautiful :)﻿We need Jesus Christ as our savoir K Crockett for us to have the real joy n 
happiness through serving other we would have real happiness rill eternity 
and we could be an ibstrument answer to the others prayer as we follow the 
prompting of the holy ghost may u find the answer of the many questions u 
have in ur life as u search ponder and pray or look for an lds missionaries 
will help u a lot to find ur way to eternity....Without him life as you know it or would have known it would never have 
happened.<3The Savior is the link between us and God. God is the source of all light 
and joy and because of His son's sacrifice we are able to experience true 
joy, to find joy in our moments. If it were not for his sacrifice, all of 
us would be lost and none of us would feel joy. You feel joy because he 
took upon him misery.One of the biggest blessings I've experienced as a member of the Church is 
that having unfair and bad things happen to me in my life doesn't mean I 
have to be unhappy. I know that because of the Savior's atoning sacrifice 
and magnificent example, I can be happy here and now, or there and then. 
That happiness comes from hope, and trust, and love for God and for my 
fellow man.I can only answer for myself: Jesus Christ's atonement allows me the 
freedom to enjoy every moment of life because, through Him, I am free from 
guilt. I know that I can never satisfy the law of justice for the things I 
have done as well as obtain the mercy I desire in order to live with God 
after this life is over, but the Savior does that all for us. Christ 
replaces feelings of guilt, grief, pain and distress with peace and love, 
which allows us to "enjoy every moment of life."I am so happy that I met someone from the Latter day saints. I have not 
been this happy in 13 years. Their church is so full of love, hope and 
acceptance. Why do we need a savior to enjoy every moment of life?What a great message!Tom, Mormon.org is an official website of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints. You can browse this website to understand some key 
doctrines of the Church, and you can even chat with volunteer members who 
can answer more of your questions or send missionaries to you to help 
answer your questions. You'll never regret it :)Life is so beautiful.AmazingLittle things really do mean a lot!I couldn't see that anyone responded to this so: 1: A Christian Religion, 
but not directly in the Protestant or Catholic traditions. But definitely 
Christian. 2: Yes ish. The original authors (over a thousand years ago) may 
have made some typos, but it is the word of God and the doctrines are free 
from error. 3: I don't know where historically it was first used, but I 
don't think it is unique to the LDS church. But LDS believe that is our 
literal, spiritual relationship with God the Father.This is truly amazing! I feel like this would be a great video for my 
family(:This religion can transform lives. Of course there are imperfect people 
which is what religion is for...imperfect people.Did you ever get answers to your questions? I hope you did.Now I'd like to address the "Happy Mormon" is he / she a one of a kind 
"Happy Mormon" or are there lots of them & is that a prerequisite to be a 
church member ? I saw a Mormon who went to school with me who didn't smile 
very often would he be aloud to go to church if he wasn't happy ? Do you 
think he could have not been so happy because since his dad was his math 
teacher and was always picking on him ? I don't think I'd like having my 
dad as my teacher.. If so Roger Hale would like to get it ! Bravo, unser beliebte Brueder Uchtdorf. Wir lieben dich. Du hast die 
Wahrheit geschprochen. Und die Kirche wirdt immer wahr bleiben..There is no need to apolozige for what you don't understand. And I'm happy 
to answer your questions. 1. We are a seperate church (not a denomination) 
but I believe that we're not so different religiously. 2.The Book of Mormon 
has no translation errors and is not doctored, but it is only a small part 
of what the Gold Plates contained. 3.WHERE the term originates from I do 
not know. However I find it very fitting as He's our spiritual Father and 
He dwells in Heaven. I hope you ask more questions:)I'm very sorry to hear such negativity! And many Latter-Day Saints do not 
strive as hard as they should to be kind and uphold integrity, however, no 
one (in or outside of the church) is a failure, and not all of LDS members 
will fail you. For those who do try their very best, this religion is more 
than just religion (and certainly more than a cult); it's life.Everything!I noticed on another Mormon Message the soundtrack was available. Is the 
soundtrack available for this one and others?I think that in this world we live too much in the future, and our lives 
are going to fast, So we need to slow down and appreciate the good things 
in life, And the things that matter most. - happy Mormon!I feel so bless to be living at this time in my life. I am a grandma and as 
I was swimming with 2 of my grandchildren last nite, I realized that I 
would only enjoy my children if I took the time out to be part of their 
lives. They are so precious and innocent. I love them very much. I know 
this is what it is all about!Lets not act like all of us mormons are such good people. Often times we 
are the most ignorant, prideful and judgemental just brainwashed into a 
cultural religion that just so happens to be pretty good. Do not get into a 
ingroup mentality because the people in the church will fail you just like 
those outside the church.As one who gained her testimony of Joseph Smith as a prophet from her study 
of the bible, I can unequivocally say that what the Book of Mormon does for 
the Bible is back it up. Helps us understand what is only vague reference. 
It makes clear that which is confused. The Bible opens up with its support. Dumb questions from a non-Mormon (apologies in advance)- 1. Is the LDS 
Church to be considered a Christian denomination or a separate religion in 
its own right? 2. Is the Book of Mormon to be viewed as the unadulterated 
word of God and totally free from error of any kind? 3. Where does the term 
"Heavenly Father" originate from?This video is what its all about. the search for happiness through living a 
rich and complete life. To cling to family, to love and serve all those 
around you, and follow in the footsteps of Christ. That is my religion. How do I gain more information? These videos have really spoken to me in a 
way which I never imagined they could. A lot of what Jesus seems to have 
been saying just feels and sounds right. No other person or group can 
provide all the answers that Jesus can.my son watches the i am a child of god video i know what you meangod blessThe most important message the world has ever need. the most amazing values I've ever felt in my entire life.My baby and I were watching this video, then she suddenly kiss me on the 
cheeks. I think that's what matter most ♥ Have a nice day :)And that the main point most Christians neglect to see is that from the 
start of the Old Testament god established covenants with the people of 
Israel and eventually the said covenants was broken each and every time and 
Jesus had to be born in Israel because prophesy had to be fulfilled since 
the Book Of Mormon says that the Israelites were the only people wicked 
enough to crucify their god. Keep up your online Missionary work Sara!! You 
just made my night and I'm grateful to be Lds.Very well said Sara, I may have said it similarly. I like sharing spiritual 
stuff with people and you couldn't have been more right. Before I became 
Lds I use to be Hindu and many of the things I was taught as Hindu I was 
taught in the Mormon Church but in the latter with much more clarity and 
with a fullness of God's teaching.I strongly believe that god was preparing 
people all over the world to accept Christ long before he came to earth by 
calling prophets in different nations and people.Its good to see mutual respects! So much fighting and arguments on 
religion! When was that ever Christ like! We all believing in a living 
Christ, thats all that matters! :) Thank you!The 8th of our 'Articles of Faith', written by Joseph Smith in response to 
inquiries about our beliefs, states our belief that the Bible is the word 
of God, and does so before declaring the Book of Mormon to be of the same 
source. Consider also the words of John 10:16: And other sheep I have, 
which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my 
voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd. Is it not reasonable 
that those other sheep would write His words down, too?Awesome vid, how can there be any dislikes?one of the best Im mormon ... i think we as Christians should focus on the important things 
in life. There is so much wasted on pointing out differences. All 
christians have things in common. Jesus is our savior. God is our father in 
heaven. Bless you!!! @elesha76 ur just an awesome example of a christian!May I ask, respectfully, where does it say that all we need to know is in 
the Bible? This is a great message. For those asking about the music, I think you'll 
find it bears a remarkable resemblance to "Forbidden Friendship" by John 
Powell, from How to Train Your Dragon.Do people ever convert to become mormons?I am Mormon, & I appreciate the respect you have, thank you for sharing! Simple and true! What song is this? It sounds very familiar to "Forbidden Friendship" on the 
movie How to Your Dragon.thankyou elesha76 and i hope you have a wounderful lifeThe music I believe is from the 'How to Train your Dragon' soundtrack by 
John Powell.so what does this video have to do about being mormon?Just imagine how wonderful it would be if these videos got as many views as 
Justin Beiber or Gangam Style didI really like the music in this Mormon Message.Well elesha I agree God doesn't make mistakes, but people do ALL THE TIME...this is probably my favoritest video ever.I agree that many religions are in your face, and the screaming out of 
Jesus' name over and over doesn't seem right to me, either. A lot of my 
friends were Catholic growing up in Indiana, and many still ARE Catholic 
here in Salt Lake. Quietly pray and keep checking out things that affect 
you well, and you will find many strengths and even some surprises in how 
ALIVE our God really is today. He is MOST alive in each of our hearts, in 
QUIET prayer. Indeed. Thank you elesha76 for your kind comment. The Book of Mormon: 
ANOTHER TESTAMENT of Jesus Christ. :) With constant reminders of uncertainties of our future; whether by 
personal, social or political problems we face it is essential to focus on 
the things that matter most. Too often I find myself devoting all of my 
time to the frivolous concerns of my daily life and completely neglect the 
factors that bring true happiness. "This life is a time to prepare to meet 
God..." Spending quality time in the scriptures, prayer, family and in 
service to others, these are the things that matter most! It's the things we do everyday (or every moment) that make us who we are. 
And we can always choose to do what right. -Spiderman 3Mormonism is censorship How is it a "mistake" to give His children lots of instruction? Besides, 
the Bible has been translated MANY MANY times over and is not as it was 
when the books were first written by the Hebrews and Greeks. Also, the 
Bible itself speaks of other scripture in Ezekiel chapter 34. :)The little girl on the swing at the start and the girl jumping in the 
puddle in the rain are my cousins!I love the music!! Favorite Mormon Message Ever. It always makes me feel the spirit and sends 
chills down my spine, in a good way. Is there a place the church provides 
the music? I love this arrangement/rendition.It's kind of ironic how at the moment I want to continue watching these 
videos instead of going to church. It seems easier to feel the spirit when 
listening to another's heart-piercing experience, but if we are in tune to 
feel the spirit in our everyday lives, the warm feeling is even more 
overwhelming since we learn the life-long lesson ourselves.I contacted Robert Elliott, the one who composed the music. He said that 
the LDS church purchases all rights from him outright on each project 
(music). Therefore, it isn't available to the general public unless 
provided by the Church.The problem though elesha76 is that the Father did have so much more to 
say, but the narrow mindedness of man caused over 300 books or text not to 
be placed in the bible. The wonderous thing of the Book of Mormon is it 
feels in some of those gapes.I "feel" that if you read the Book of Mormon, you would not feel that way 
about the bible. We as members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints(mormons), love the bible and the ALL scriptures from God. I 
encourage you to read the Book of Mormon, and do what Moroni asks at the 
end of the book. As you see, we are all here to answer questions you may 
have. I appreicate your testimony of God and your knowledge of eternal 
truth you accept.Do you know what the title of the music in this was?Thank you. :) I really appreciate that, and I have had many catholic 
friends and they have always been amazing. :)