Love the message to this song❤️❤️﻿Love this song, so much! We are singing YW's and I'm really excited. Im 
actually in the video for a split second at 1:02 it was so fun to be apart 
of this amazing video!Love this song;)im balling my eyes out cos we sang this in Girls CAmp this week, BTW I JUST 
GOT BACK FROM GC! AnYWAYS. I MAde SOOO many new firends at camp, but one is 
a 3rd year YCL and most likely wont be there next year and im so sad, :( 
Her name is mikayla and she is funny and i willl miss her and everyone 
else, this song makes me sad and happy.Very effective. I did not see the conference and was looking for a song and found this. it 
is so uplifting.Powerful...there is hope in the world!I ♥ CONFERENCE ... awesome!My sweetheart will lift up many people in spirit world by reflecting the 
light of Jesus Christ, and I really believe that someday she will arise 
again.This conference was amazing. I loved this conference so muchYoung Women feels like forever ago!...and I'm only 19. This song was so 
powerful!I will shine my standard here in Cambodia and wherever i go. Yup. Bawling my eyes out. Pretty powerful message. :') BTW, I'm 
26.......and a dude. Lol.Yay! Saw this last night. Such a beautiful, inspiring meeting. I love this 
church! :)Beautiful video! I'm features from 2:25-2:26 (;Gorgeous!This is awesome! Thank you!When I saw this wideo, last night, I cry, this video shows, all thing that 
we should to be and make!I learned long ago, and had it reconfirmed in Institute recently...our 
women are incredible.I love the young women program in the church! I am now 24 and know now just 
how critical those years were in building my testimony and deciding what 
person I wanted to be. Life is crazy and trials happen but despite it all 
my testimony and faith in Jesus Christ continues to bring peace and 
direction to my life. Heavenly Father does love me and I am so grateful for 
my temple marriage and the Holy Spirit that guides and strengthens me 
daily. That's the Houston Texas temple how beautiful it is! I'm about to go there 
for to serve a mission in May!Beautiful!!After you get your answer, please spread the word QUICKLY so asketh the 
Lord.I just saw this for Y.W conference O:-)Our Temple is so beautiful, I love it Wow, that was so powerful. I miss being in Young Womens! Awesome young women!