That statement shows your lack of understanding, without faith there is no 
reason to believe in anything. Prove to yourself through effort and 
diligence that he does exist, and he will present himself to you in a way 
that is ideal and individualized for yourself.well im thirteen and i sure as heeeeeck didnt understand any of that. this 
just seeems very unlikely in my mind , im just a very well read person . 
also i gues this means if u beleieve in god (oh sorry heavenly father) ull 
be a smart person sure@N00bcrunch3r If you want to have it proved then there is no faith needed...As a little child I did not know much about the gospel. I did not have an 
organized religion in my life but I sang simple songs like, Kumbaya and 
He's Got the Whole World in His Hands at nightime before I fell asleep. I 
knew in my heart that God was real, that He loved me and had sent His son 
to the world and I loved them with all my heart. When I found the Church of 
Jesus Christ I knew that it was true and all that I had ever known about 
God was know clearer and put into words.This is beautiful.A very important simple message. The gospel is available to all, not just 
the intellectual elite.Come unto Jesus.@MormonsLoveFamilies Hmm...Well first you have to prove he even exists!People always find it weird that I prefer to speak to children than adults. 
Children are far more receptive to the spirit and a far less stubborn than 
their adult counterparts. Little children are completely sinless. They are 
about as close to an angel as you can get out of a normal human being on 
earthIt takes superior intelligence, wisdom and great effort to take complex 
things and make them simple and easy to understand. Many modern day 
intellectuals excel at taking simple things and making them complicated and 
hard to understand. This gives them a feeling of superiority over the 
uninformed masses.And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as 
little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. Matt 18:3 
There's nothing wrong with children being raised up unto the Lord for so it 
was with Timothy and Paul commended him for it! And that from a child thou 
hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto 
salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus - 2 Tim 3:15 Thankfully 
not all have to be hardened adults before learning truth.Isnt the Gospel just SOOOO AMAZING!!? I mean to become like christ we 
simply need to look at Our examples around us, our beautiful children, 
nephews, nieces, Grandkids.... In order to be christ like we must first 
become like a child! Submissive, Teachable, meek, humble and the list goes 
on! I LOVE IT! What a beautiful thing! :)" Be faithful in small things because it is then that is your strength." 
Mother Theresa" A knowledge of that truth comes by effort and study, yes.... But it comes 
primarily as a gift from God to whose who seek in faith."I am so thankful for the Gospel of Jesus Christ!! I am able to feel the 
Spirit from these videos any time! And they truely give me the boost I need 
from to time. Thank You!The church is true...compare this with the lies and videos of all thsoe who 
attack the church...no comparison...yep..we have the TRUTH!Simply beautiful. The Spirit testified his words to me again!Such an outstanding message. Our Heavenly Father is all knowing and loves 
us all.Well people that did not hear about God in this life certainly are not 
going to hell, they will have another opportunity in the next life to 
accept God and the Savior. We believe that we all will immediately go to 
work teaching those very people you were asking about, making sure that all 
of Gods children are taken care of. To answer your question. thanks so much 
for asking questions and desiring to find the truth and learn. You are very 
smart!Thanks Elder Causse it's very nice to hearBeautiful message and testimony. The gospel of Jesus Christ can reach all 
of God's children. The Book of Mormon is a great reference for children and 
people of all ages.I love the sweet peace the gospel brings!Precious , priceless words! Thanks for posting it!!!!!!!!!!!!!Amen!This was given during the November conf last year. Merci Elder Causee de 
votre temoignage!I love Mormon Messages! It is such a great 2-minute pick me up. Thank you!i wish these videos where captioned so that they would be accessable to all.AmenBeautiful. :-) Thanks again.WE can all learn from the innocence and sincerity of small children.Whaoh!! That had a lot of cool stuff! It was pretty interesting as well. :) 
Keep them coming! :)the revelation is joyous and life changing , GOD BLESS ALL OF YOUwow... uhh... okay then.it means that you are still searching for a proper explanation for the 
children ?tengo el firme testimonio que el mensaje del Elder Caussè es inspirado por 
Dios. por eso les pido por favor que lo pongan en español o con subtitulo. 
graciasI think what is especially important about this, is that we tend to make 
the gospel more complicated as we get older, but in essence, the purpose of 
the gospel to help people come unto Christ, and stay. That is the 
foundation and cornerstone of everything we do.God loves everyone.it's very right to say "open your heart like a child". sometimes adults 
think they are too sophisticated to do this. the gospel itself is simple. 
people just try to listen to it and thats enough.I needed this today. Thank you.Too often we get caught up in the mysteries of the kingdom and forget the 
simplicity of the gospel. We need to simplify.I believe God is there for people of all education and financial levels. 
This is the beauty of the gospel.Malachi 3:6Great video!Love this video! The gospel is, "beautifully simple and simply beautiful."merci elder causse!I especially enjoy the quote: "God would be unjust if the gospel message 
was only accessible to an intellectual elite ".