What do you think it means when Jesus says seventy times seven?﻿This is a message i wish everybody in the United States could understand 
and hear!﻿So much energy is lost
When we do not forgive.
The loss of spirit is the cost.
Let go. Be free and live!

Troubled by a debtor and unable to sleep,
He plotted for justice, with impatience grown deep.
How quickly he'd forgotten his own impossible debt;
How, through mercy given, he'd been forgiven- the full depth.

Even more: he and his family had been set to be sold
Along with their property no longer to hold.
Now, he would to not forgive but a small loan?
The compassion once known, was not further shown.

In court, the debtor pled hard for time, before the judge.
The forgiven man's demands would not one ounce budge!
The merciful man who had once paid off his enormous debt
Recalled it in full, and from everything he was swept!﻿Amen 😇﻿I've needed to hear this. For I have fallen times as a Christian and not 
one bit of perfection in the eyes of God. I wish life in this world was 
perfect, but it is not. I will ask God/Jesus for forgiveness and help.﻿cry cry cry ,,I can feel that teaching in to my heart ,,thank you Jesus 
Christ for teaching my heart﻿Oh how I wish the world would forgive more. How quick we all are to condemn 
and then cast out, thinking we are just in our judgements. How much we need 
to follow in His footsteps. He loves without seeking love and forgives 
freely with no condition being first asked. How many family's would mend 
and be no longer be broken if we would just forgive one another. May our 
hearts be full of His love and forgive freely. Yea, even 70 X 7! ﻿From my soul I truly understand and live on this. I hope heaven waits﻿Amen﻿All men who done wrong against us we must forgive.﻿How think ye? if a man have an hundred sheep, and one of them be gone 
astray, doth he not leave the ninety and nine, and goeth into the 
mountains, and seeketh that which is gone astray?﻿truckcompany, Jesus was a Semitic Jew not an Arab, therefore I assume his 
skin would be the same as Gene Simmons, Natalie Portman, and Adam Sandler..Why do you think that we don't trust in Jesus alone for salvation? I would 
love to help answer your question but I do not know the cause of your 
comment. Is it because we believe in modern revelation and a living 
prophet? Is it the common misunderstanding of how we believe faith and 
works interact? Is it because we believe that God caused the Book of Mormon 
to be written as "Another Witness of Jesus Christ"? Please let me know and 
I will do my very best to answer your concern. Jesus would have been olive / dark skinned in that part of the world, but 
that does not really matter what matter,is what is required of us. Hey - thanks for your sincere question. Based on your perception of our 
faith, I would say that we have not done a great job of conveying to you 
that we actual agree that Jesus alone is our salvation (John 14:6). In the 
Book of Mormon, a prophet testified: "that there shall be no other name 
given nor any other way nor means whereby salvation can come unto the 
children of men, only in and through the name of Christ" (Mosiah 3:17). We 
believe there is no other way, except through Christ.There is none like him, but we were given the law of repentance and 
forgiveness in order to strive to live like He did, for we are His 
children. He has forgiven us of all our sins because He loves us so..Why, how should he look?You can press the cc button below the video and they will show up.Forgive me, but why is Jesus white?Forgiving is one thing that we can show how much we love our Heavenly 
Father What a powerful message.what a gift only to realize this love for your brotherwhy do you say so Donald, are you aware of a certain King ?Your God knows your heart and paid the price justice demands on your behalf 
and therefore only he is able to judge anyone as he is the only one who is 
perfect and knows your heart. We on the other hand are not perfect and know 
not the heart of others and are therefore not in the position to judge.Please add closed caption for deaf and hard of hearing. Thanks.I'm not a native english speaker, and I guess that is the thing, 1. is old 
english, and 2. is a middle east accent, so if you are like me, you studied 
english as a foreing language and learned it, but you are not used to THIS 
english, and even less to this accent, I overcame it by taking it as a 
oportunity to read the Book of Mormon but now in english, to get more 
familiar with this kind of english, you can do the same, you get the 
feeling reading and soon you understand the spoken word easilyyour answer should get to the top comments, is simply put the best one, but 
there lies the BIG problem as to why people questions if we are Christians, 
the nicene creed and their "salvation through faith alone" is to blame, 
faith is THE most important thing, but NOT the only one, but we live in a 
world (American continent) in which we believe we have granted forgiveness, 
nay, forgiveness is EARNED, we do our best, He does the rest.so basically your god will not keep forgiving you like he expects you to 
do. It is coming from those who are witnesses of the resurrected Lord. And 
because of that they do not change, embellish or glamorize the event like 
Hollywood would. Instead they are simply trying to show who and what the 
Savior really is. So you not only see it but feel the truth and the truth 
draws you closer to our God. That is what you are feeling. The scriptures 
should never be changed. They can stand on their own feet.It's the same old English from the King James Version of the bible word for 
word.By there fruits ye shall know them. I would ask you the same thing. Knowing 
that Jesus Christ lives wouldn't except him into your life. If you would 
then repent and change your ways to be more like him. For by faith in him 
and by his grace you are saved. But faith without works is dead and if you 
will not live by his commandments then you have not actually excepted him 
in your heart, only on your lips. I know that Jesus is the Christ. The only 
physical child of the Father. And so I fallow him.It's an older kind of speaking. He is the one and only I trust in for Salvation. He sets the qualifications 
to meet to access them. I can't even do that - it's only possible on His 
strength. All I am, I owe to Him. I can only receive His grace, by virtue 
of His grace. In Him alone do I trust. With all my heart, might, mind and 
strength. I would invite you to look at the information on this site to see if it 
helps you you understand our perspective. I'm not saying you have to 
believe or accept it, but at least you'll understand it a little better. Go 
to mormon (dot) org and go to >beliefs > Jesus Christ Alternatively, you 
can type in salvation in the search bar and look through to find what we 
believe on salvation. I can't include a website on this comment so that's 
why I explained the steps. Hope it's not too confusing. This might answer your question about Mormons belief. In the Book of Mormon 
it says. And we talk of Christ, we rejoice in Christ, we preach of Christ, 
We prophesy of Christ, and we write according to our prophecies, that our 
children (and I would add anyone else) may know to what source they may 
look for a remission of their sins. Christ is the only way; we have 
prophets that prophesy of and write of christ just as Moses did and the all 
good prophets which you love. We believe he still speaksPossibly a better analogy might be a son who is hooked on drugs, who wastes 
his life away in selfish wickedness. Should the father, no matter how much 
he loves his son and how painful it might be to stop, continue sending his 
son all the money and resources necessary to maintain such a life style?? 
Or.... would the father require the son to put effort into overcoming his 
weakness' so that he can live a happy and productive life???Thank you for asking this question, we as members of the church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints do all that we can to accept Jesus in our 
lives. We believe that it is only through his grace and love we can be 
saved. I think you ma like this link: mormontopics. org/eng/christ You can 
also check out mormon. org if you have more questions.I have a question for Mormons in general, What in the freak is wrong with 
trusting in Jesus alone for salvation? In reality, Jesus died for you and 
rescued you because, He loves you like a dad who can not bear to see His 
own kids get lost in the woods or a mall. And you are meaning to tell me 
His eternal, mighty and ferocious love needs to get cashed in for empty 
promises. As for the person who owns this channel I have a question for you 
"Why don't you want to accept Jesus into your life?"It might help to first read the verses quoted in the King James Bible, and 
then listen to the video; or perhaps read along the verses as they are 
spoken.I thought the same, brother.I want Christ's Scarf xD Its awsomeThank you so much for these videos, I use them to teach children i church 
and it is a blessing. Thanks to God for this service.I love reading the Book of Jonah...it teaches us about the affects it has 
with us if we don't forgive...especially when we have been forgiven by the 
Lord...I love these videos too I love reading the Book of Jonah...it teaches us about the affects it has 
with us if we don't forgive...especially when we have been forgiven by the 
Lord... Why i am not understand what he say? is it different accent?Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.So I only have to forgive people 490 times, great! (Just kidding I know it 
means an infinite amount.)This is an incredibly realistic delivery ... often the words feel stilted 
like they're read from the Bible & it's practically a different language. 
Here I feel like I am right there and it's here and now and the Savior is 
telling a real story. It is easy to forgive the ones we love......to forgive the ones who I don't 
love....that is what I need to work on Beautiful :)JESUS CHRIST IS LORD!! HalleujahSo true. My brother has been making me angry lately. I'm silly to not 
forgive the little thingsThis is beautiful. I love the Lord Jesus Christ!I love not only the words Jesus uses, but also the spirit of how He 
delivers it. weldon hillI it is difficult to remember those words, but they really are true.As we forgive those who have wronged us, especially those who have 
seriously wronged us, we can more fully receive the Lord's blessings in our 
own lives. A heart weighted down with anger or resentment can be made clean 
and strong through the Atonement of Jesus Christ. When we humble ourselves 
and obey the Lord's commandments, forgiving our debtors as He forgives our 
debts, He will make up every loss and work miracles in our lives, as He has 
promised each of us through His holy prophets. 