It's a romantic song﻿This is fantastic, this people they must have a angel in side them,to make 
them sing like that...........  ﻿how can I find the song's pdf  in this version? Can someone send me?? 
Plsssss﻿As a pianist, this gave me nightmares, accidentals and lots of them﻿Sounds like a choir of angels. ﻿The wise still seek Him﻿Lindo, Lindo......!!!﻿this is my class Christmas concert song 2014.﻿They respect the spirit of this song. Good use of pauses. Notice the 
signature way they seem to drag behind the beat while really starting the 
words for that beat a bit early. This thoughtful ponderousness adds a 
loving gravitas to the song. To many this song is merely a pretty 
geographic ode that conjures up Christmas card images, but to me it speaks 
of the grand joyous irony of a little town sleeping through something so 
cosmically monumental that it transforms the calendar from BC to AD.The MTC nails this. Good use of pauses, And notice the signature way they 
seem to drag behind the beat while really starting the words for that beat 
a split second early. The thoughtful ponderousness adds a loving gravitas 
to the song. To many this song is merely a pretty geographic ode that 
conjures up Christmas card images, but to me it speaks of the grand joyous 
irony of a little town sleeping through something so cosmically monumental 
that it divides transforms the calendar from BC to ADHey LDS Ottawa Ontario Stake Just wanted to share some Christmas Music and 
Share the spirit with you. Nathan Grace.Great video,unfortunately poor audio quality...This is my favourite Christmas Carol. Nothing more beautiful than this. 
Thank You. Merry Christmas & God Bless Everyone this special and holy 
season.Fue una magnifica presentacion, "aunque su nacimiento paso sin atencion, 
aun lo puede recibir el manso, Corazon..."There is little better than the Mormon Tabernacle Choir to get me into the 
spirit of Christmas.What a song! And what rendition! A superb lullaby..Was delighted to be here live for this performance! The choir and orchestra 
were spectacular!Perfeito :') 