She forgot her handbag﻿<3 This Video [.3.]﻿Hahahaha yeah the interviewer probably prompted them on the story and then 
they shared their thoughts on the subject :)It's a new year -- 2013! I needed to hear this message now, because 2012 
was a year of difficulty and trial for me. Thank you for giving me the 
faith to look forward! Thoughts crystallize as you gather them. What's before your eyes? Hope your 
year's a gem!Great message for the start of my year...thanks! :)Love this!Can you repeat the question? Love it!left her handbag...love it! I believe this with all my heart. I have two close family members that have 
struggled with addiction while trying to live the gospel. From my 
experience this message is so important when working one day at a time to 
overcome addiction or any other shortcomings we may have. Wow! Pretty affecting. great videoI'm not Mormon but can def appreciate this video. It is absolutely 
beautiful and i hope it achieves it's purpose! thank you CarlieStylez for 
bringing me here! Good messege! ..."babee, we gotta go"...lol Okay...TRUST<TRUST, and move 
forward :)Please have this captioned. I really want to know what they are saying. I 
am deaf and captions will benefit all.I showed this to a lot of investigators. Everyone wants a reason to change. 
Christ is a good reason. I showed this to a lot of investigators. Everyone wants a reason to change I think it's weird that none of them know the story, and then all the 
sudden the explain it all. I think i need to take heed, and don't look back. What i mean is, all those 
people who say bad negative things about me and about others, just let it 
go. Cause i know that Heavenly Fathers knows our hearts and our intentions. 
So, i'm just gonna leave it all to my God. And don't look BACK!!!Baby we gotta go..... lol.... awesome !!!!!I just watched it twice! Great video!That was first class!!!If I could, I would favorite this video thousands of times. what's the song?ldsmessages would be abetter name than mormonmessagesThe fact of the matter is, with the atonement of Jesus Christ, we are 
washed away from our past. The only thing holding us back is ourselves. We 
have the agency- the choice, if we want- to leave not just the spiritual 
uncleanliness behind, but other problems in our past. Its not easy always 
following where God leads; I was baptized last week and confirmed in the 
church, and God has lead me to move across the country, to a new place. Is 
it scary? yes. Has it been easy? NoThis is greatI loved how such a deep message was conveyed with such great humor. Don't 
look back! Move on with faith. Another deep message of this video is that 
we need to study the Old Testament more :) "every day is the first day of the rest of your life!" i couldn't agree 
more!!!!I forgot my handbag!I am so grateful for the atonement of Jesus Christ. I'm so grateful he 
takes away my sins and lets me start over every day. I'm so grateful for 
his love. Every day is exciting, what will appear in my life today...what 
new treasure will I discover around me... Thanks for the great video.I absolutely love this video and the message is so poignant without being 
preachy or ultra conservative. Good job!!I don't know if the names and addresses of those used in this video are on 
record with the producers, but if they are I would love it if you could 
send them a personal thanks for their willingness to participate in it. It 
was so touching to me as I saw each of them come to their own conclusion on 
the symbolic meaning of what it means to "Look not Behind Thee!" It touched 
my heart more than I can express and was something needed in our home at 
this time.I think that this video is amazing. :) It is hard to leave your past 
behind, but if we really rely on the Savior and believe in the plan that He 
and Heavenly Father have paved for us, everything will turn out better than 
we could ever expect.Is it possible for this video to be captioned? I am deaf and couldn't 
really lipread everyone's mouth. It's hard to catch up. I will appreciate 
the message much more if it is captioned. *fingers crossed for adding 
captions*i don't get it :)Loved it. "Forgot my handbag!" Wow, Random Purple shirt guy is my Brother Jared.. He never even told us 
about this.. Jared, I'm going to hurt you!The video is SO right!! I love it!As a convert this message carries a lot (no pun intended) weight with me! 
Amen Brothers and Sisters. The World According to RayThese videos are so powerful!! I love this one...I feel each time a new one 
comes out, its message is exactly what I needed to hear. Thank you!Perfect message for me at the end of a bad year. I'm excited to forgive and 
forget and look forward!A great message & reminder that we need to look forward & not dwell on the 
past. 2010 has been a REALLY crappy year for my mom & I & I'm trying to 
have faith & trust in Heavenly Father that everything willl work out & be 
better. @AtamaNKrasno that is great and im in a similar situation. i just deciced 
to serve a mission and im 20 and there are things that ive done this past 
year and ive learned from them and the power of repentance is a great one 
and i know that living pure is the greatest feeling ever and i love it with 
all my heart and because of the atonement i can learn and live according to 
the gospel so that i can return to live with heavenly father and i cant 
wait to finish my papers and getWhat a terrific video, with some amazing comments - I enjoyed this so much, 
I learned a few things from some people I'll probably never meet in this 
lifetime, but thanks to them for sharing their thoughts with us. Happy 2011 
everyone!this video really got me thinking about my future...thank you!!! HAPPY 
2011!:)Thanks for helping me keep things in perspective. Life isn't as serious as 
my mind makes it out to be. Find Christ and everything is easier. That's 
why we're here. Have a great New Year and look for opportunities to share 
His love.That's great. I really love this video. I could watch it over and over.Well done. Great use of an extra day Time Square.This is sooo awesome! I LOVE IT!This is so good! I love the candid responses and how they all saw the 
parallel of what it means to let go of the past, look to Christ and trust 
in a FAR BETTER future through following His example and recieving His 
Grace!It really is amazing how good people are or at least want to be. Sure, how 
to do it is left to interpretation but I wish I didn't have to be reminded 
as often as I do that I need to give people more of a chance. I am grateful 
for these peoples different point of view on faith and God. It makes me 
more excited to live in a world with the human race. They didn't let the facial hair guy redeem himself with later comments. The 
video makers are facial-hair-biased. :P (Just having fun)What a great message."Baby, We gotta go." I love the guy with the white shirt in this video!Great video... well done and well said!This was a nice video. At first i dident get it, but at the end I got what 
they meant ^_^