I feel so bad for him..... god is love﻿I've been LDS all my life. I couldn't imagine not having the gospel in my 
life. I love the gospel and the Lord more than anything.﻿ I'm not a Mormon but thanks to the Shaytards I have been wondering more 
and more about your religion. Although I believe in Jesus and God and have 
been a christian all my life LDS is getting my attention and since 
missionaries never knock on my door I just watch these videos :) Thank you 
♥﻿Dear elder who has cancer,i have some suggestions for you to heal from it. 
.Try bentonite clay, drink 1 or 2 tablespoon mixed with distilled water, 
drink only distilled water. The clay acts as a buffer and a magnet in the 
body to pull out heavy metals, bacterias and RADIOACTIVITY witch we know 
triggers cancer. we are surrounded by it and heavy metals ...also zeolites 
act like clay. Go vegan for a while, go to south America where there is 
less radioactivity...Good luck .. lds Mom ..hug God bless all of you guys, and let Jesus be with you, nah im just kidding, 
I don't believe in fairy tales. Stop kidding your self guys. God is not 
real! I'm very excited to be able to go on a mission and serve godOooo...Compton?! Lord be with 'em!I can tell you it's true, and millions of others could also tell you, but 
the one who MUST tell you is the Holy Spirit. The scriptures say that the 
Spirit teaches truth. So if you REALLY want to know, then kneel at your 
bedside and ask your Heavenly Father. If you ask in faith, you'll get the 
answer you need. You can do it!I love being part of the Church where we can have the Holy Spirit as a 
guide, constant communication with our Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ as 
our Savior and example :)That's awesome! You can contact missionaries on mormon.org and they can 
also refer you to full-time missionaries in your area. I hope you have 
success in studying the gospel! =)same. my family thinks its really dumb for me to be interested in this 
stuff though.mormon . org / missionaries will connect you with people that can help you 
learn more about it..We have a website called mormon. org/missionaries, it tells of what we 
believe, and gives an opportunity for you to request for missionaries from 
The Church to visit you. I know with all of my heart that the Gospel is 
true. I know that if you speak with the missionaries and pray about what 
they have taught you that Heavenly Father will manifest unto you truth. I 
know Christ lives and that he loves us all. He wants us to have the truth, 
to be close to him and feel of his love. It's true. have you been able to have missionaries visit with you? They are wonderful! 42 years ago, I had ended investigating churches when I was led to the LDS 
Church. Bought a BofM, read it, prayed about and my prayer was answered 
beyond any shadow of a doubt. The following Sunday I walked into the LDS 
chapel closest to me and met Elder Ring and Anderson. I walked up to them, 
shook their hands and said, "I want to get baptized." The next thing I did, 
was pick the 2 missionaries up off the floor. Ah, what a day! What a great 
life being in the Lord's church! 'Bout 45 years ago, 2 Mormon Elders knocked on my door. I said, "You can 
c'mon in and talk to us, but we're perfectly happy with our religion." They 
were Elder Judd & Elder Bodily. They were, and are, the greatest blessing 
in my life. I am so thankful to have discovered the Gospel of Jesus Christ 
through them. It means everything to me. I now have a beautiful wife of 38 
years and 9 children, every one of which has served a mission, just like 
these missionaries. Oh what joy & blessings I have.Hi RobertJOnHopkins! I here in the beautiful island of Hawaii so I don't 
know exactly where you at, but I can help locate the closest missionaries 
in your area and they would be more than happy to share the gospel with 
you! Aloha, Markthe Church is definitely true! but don't take my word for it...pray about 
it and you WILL get answers.Feel free to visit mormon.org. There is a box on the bottom left that says 
"I want to" and you can click the link "meet with mormon missionaries". 
Then you can have these servants of Christ in your home to learn more.I can totally hook you up with some volunteers who visit people to explain 
our beliefs and answer any questions! We love our faith and love to share 
it, mostly because it helps us learn how to always have the feelings you 
felt when you watched this video. It is wonderful, as I'm sure you can 
imagine...Hi, my name is Debra and I will love to invite you to come to church. Look 
in the phone book or where ever and locate one close to you and attend. 
Just let them know you are wanting to learn more. You can also check out 
our websites...I cant list them on here but you can google the official 
sites also facebook missionary friend: Elder Klain Pippert I became a Mormon about six years ago for the very same reason... it made 
me feel warm. And that warmth has continued to grow and help me through my 
life, giving me peace and comfort every day. If you want to learn more, go 
to mormon.org. You can ask for missionaries to come talk to you. There is 
no commitment - it just allows you to learn. (O: And if you have any 
questions, or just want to talk, I'd love to talk with you.I can't wait for my mission!!:)That's great! You can get answers to any questions you might have if you 
look up "lds.org" If you do want to learn more you can go to mormon.org and schedule a 
meeting with the missionaries!This reminds me of my mission. I love these videos.Can't make up my mind... Is it true or not? -sigh- Go to mormon.org if you want to learn more. You can also find an LDS church 
near you on that website and go visit on Sunday.I love this I can't wait to serve a mission! :)having children privileged to serve missions has made me love this 
programme so much...to know what they go through..and they come home 
spiritually changed for life...Every time I see an episode of The District pop up on my subscriptions list 
I can not wait to click and watch it!!I always feel warm watching these videos, though i am not a mormon. it's 
something i would love to learn more about.These videos always make me so happy.. seeing people receive the gospel is 
absolutely amazing. PEACE ...