I never knew there were two versions of this song up till now. I sang this 
at church today and prefer this version to the traditional one we usually 
hear in most carol services x﻿Very beautiful! ﻿que hermoso﻿Christmas is for everyone...............﻿Beautiful...great carol, written by a Unitarian minister, no less LOLThis reminds me of my mom. She so loved Christmas. This is my second 
Christmas without her. = (Which choir is this?Little Drummer BoyThat was nice!!!@LilDumar not rlywow!!! marvelous!!!!!! This is so beautiful..I love this song..great camera work, too! @aranflewen Well Put My Friend I am a Catholic but with this orchestra-inspired version of the Christmas 
song, "It came upon a mmidnight clear" well, at this moment, I feel the 
Christmas season listening to this music, compromising for about 4:50 mins 
the theological and doctrinal differences that we have...:-) no argument 
please...let me be inspired to this song...Merry Christmas...Look at everyone's beautiful faces! Merry Christmas everyone!That was beautiful, gorgeous, amazing. Very well-done.The one person who gave this a thumbs down must be having speaker problems 
:P@jigley9higley Amen!The fourth verse is in this version--I love how it ties the whole hymn 
together and focuses its message on the Savior, the Prince of Peace. Merry 
Christmas!hermoso !!!@NobleHam- We have the third verse in our hymnal, so I'm not sure why they 
left it out. Maybe just a different arrangement? I do love this song though!Why do conservative Christians always leave out the third (and in the case 
even the fourth) verse?Hermoso video, tuve la oportunidad de ver el devocional de navidad, y el 
ver al coro del tabernaculo nuevamente me llena del espiritu! me encantaI enjoy hearing the angels sing. FELIZ NATAL a todos os que chegaram até esse vídeo! :DThe Mormon Tabernacle Choir has never lost its heavenly, transcendent feel, 
and I hope it never will. When I imagine what the angelic choirs welcoming 
in the Millennial Reign of Christ, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir is who I 
think of. 