nice﻿I believe !!﻿i love this﻿Before you say that spell calm. It's C-A-L-M not C-O-M-EWhatever Jesus lays His hands on lives. If He lays His hands on a 
testimony, it lives. If He lays His hands on a marriage, it lives. He said 
"I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more 
abundantly." Oh, that we all might possess the diligence and faith to be 
healed! To bring fort the dead to life, if i'm not mistaken, this is the highest 
miracle which Jesus Christ did when He's still alive.He has all power over life and death and is mighty to save according to our 
faith.,,,but would you hold onto your faith if the answer is no and a loved 
one is not restored to life?There are many people who have experienced such things. Remember, our Lord 
Jesus also said "Greater things shall ye do." He's referring to us his 
followers(Christians). The Holy scriptures also quote that "He's the same 
yesterday, today and forever.:)) Amen"Do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether they are 
from God, for many false prophets have gone out into the world." John 4:1Thank you very much for sharing that.This was my little girl who was portrayed as the daughter of Jairus. As her 
mother I wept when I watched this for the first time upon it's release two 
weeks ago. This miracle was very real to me because I really am her mother. 
Words can hardly describe the overwhelming reverence & gratitude I feel 
towards the Saviour of all mankind. He not only raised a young girl from 
death- he provided a means back for all of us to eternal life and eternal 
families through the atonement. Thanks be to Him.our Lord is master of death and lifeI believe it was because he knew that there were people who would hear it 
who would not fully appreciate his power and glory, or would still not 
believe in him even after hearing it, and so it would not be good to share 
with them- it would be better for them to exercise faith first, before they 
receive such a witness.The Savior only allowed those who believed in the power of God to be in the 
house when he performed this great miracle. This has to do with faith and 
how that is what invites and invokes the Spirit of healing- inside and out.Luke 9:18-22 - " ... And he straitly charged them, and commanded them to 
tell no man that thing; saying The Son of man must suffer many things, and 
be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and 
be raised the third day." Luke 9:18-22, "... The Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected 
of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and be raised 
the third day." Luke 9:18-22Thank you, for this surely in riches my life. MarySome men LAUGHED... She was "too far gone" they thought. But he brings back 
life again anyway. Testimony that no matter how far gone YOU are, he has 
power to "bring your life back". Even when only some of her family still 
believed and hoped. He can you you too.That is a beautiful video depicting this miracle.who or why would someone "Dislike" this... Sad day! Glory be to God on the 
highest! I would think that it was because it wasn't good for him politically. His 
radical teachings threatened the Jewish leaders enough already, imagine how 
more threatened they'd feel if they heard he raised the dead.Up!I wonder if it isn't a bit of reverse psychology.He was not doing these miracles to boast or brag! It was a sacred moment in 
those lives!I always wonder why does Christ say tell no man.BEAUTIFUL <3Where is closed captioning? :(This is a very personal video for me. My oldest daughter died when she was 
only two weeks old and it is through the power and authority of the Holy 
Priesthood that she is alive today. The very same priesthood that Jesus 
used to raise the daughter of Jairus and the same priesthood that he gave 
to his apostles who performed mighty miracles. I know it is real. I have my 
daughter as a living, daily reminder of the love that Heavenly Father and 
our older brother Jesus Christ have for us.That was compassionate of Jesus. It's amazing to consider the condescension of the Savior of the world. He 
being the pre-mortal Messiah, all knowing, and all-powerful, having power 
over all the elements and being the Creator of the world yet willing to 
come to earth as a mortal to bless us His children. Marvelous to behold. I feel so humbled after watching this kind of video. Our Lord and Savior 
continues to watch over us and will never forsake us even in our darkest 
hour. Thank you for making these videos to remind us of his powerful work 
when he was on the earth.It's just that simple.Beautiful...The music is very nice...Most of us have never witnesses the same kinds of amazing miracles 
preformed by Christ while he was on the earth, but if we are willing, we 
can experience for ourselves the greatest of all miracles: Knowing for 
ourselves that Christ lives and loves each one of us personally! He knows 
your name and exactly what you are going through right now. He wants more 
than anything for you to be happy! Actor playing the part of Jesus looks like Christian Bale. Had The Dark 
Knight Rises music in my head. Another great video. Can't wait for the 
Lazarus vid; Should be epic.These videos are such a reminder to me that the Lord really CAN and DOES 
perform miracles. If He raised a child from the dead as a mortal man, 
surely He can do miracles for you and I now as an exalted Being. He can 
give me energy when it's hard to keep going, He can soften my heart when 
I'm proud, He can open my eyes to see others as He does, and He can give 
life to my relationships. He can literally change me, and best of all, He 
wants to. I am so grateful for Christ's miracles in my life.Love the Savior. Love the church!Spectacular display of the Masters Divine Power!Love it...another good one.