The work of the missionaries would be nothing that I would describe as 
easy. One must have the strength of much inspiration to last through the 
assignment.﻿#Shaytards sent me here﻿This reminds me of Latter days :') great film ﻿I don't see Logan McKay ﻿The Oriental guy shows up in Episode 6 or 7 I believe :)Another excellent source for investigation is Mormon.org. Here you can talk 
to members and get to really understand what Mormons believe.With so little information about the church on the official LDS website 
this channel is a true god send :)I love watching other people as they grow a testimony of the church.As a convert of two and a half years, and a year at BYU, I was privileged 
to serve a California Mission from Sept 1961 to Sept. 1963, and drove my 51 
Chev home to Maine. My companions and myself enjoyed a lot of baptisms in 
those two years that I was blessed to serve..I enjoy reading everyones comments on this video. I have been a member for 
3 months now and have had a huge change in my life! I really enjoy watching 
others stories as they grow a testimony of the church.Thanks German when I watch your story the only thing I can do is cry. I am 
so inspiredWhen I was a little girl my grandmother and grandfather had two Mormon's on 
mission living in their home. They were wonderful people and I am glad I 
had gotten to know them.I am serving a mission in 1995-1997 i know that missionary work is call by 
god to share the truthfulness of the gospel of Jesus is the Christ I almost became mormon once. Even though I didn't take that path, I have 
much respect for mormon missionaries.What happened to the other investigators from 'The District' The Oriental 
guy who was frightened of water and couldn't swim and the older lady who 
couldn't give up Coffee were memorable and also part of the program back in 
the older versions. Please can we have them back as missionary work touches 
lives of all sorts of people. I feel their presence in these documentaries 
was valid. They are in the title sequencing but their stories are not 
covered.I am serving a mission if not for me then for the sake of helping others 
feel that amazing feeling that I know only comes from one source and that 
is God our Father in Heaven!! I love German, he is so sincere, so humble, the spirit of God has 
undoubtedly touched the heart of this young man and he knows. Thanks 
German, you are inspiring to me! God bless you!I can't wait to leave the world behind for 18 months and devote my life 
entirely to Christ! September 11th can't come fast enough! :) Not to 
mention I will be going to THIS mission and it's the greatest place on 
earth!! :DI am so touched by what they do!I'm not a Mormon, but I can truly see that these young men and young women 
really want to lead people to Christ. It's so beautiful and refreshing to 
see that in a world that lacks in that area.My daughter is serving a mission in Milan Italy, we watched The District 
before she left. I have our missionaries over for dinner all the time. They 
are awesome! Missionaries are great!Truly inspiring! Thank you. 10,000% TRUE. Great video! I miss the time I was a full time missionary, but we can 
always help!Hey Hallerium, you can join our church. You are more so welcome :) I just love these, makes me cry every single time.That was wonderful. I just retired from teaching. Maybe I should think 
about going on a mission.Its this reality tv in the lds channel?!......believe or not these are good people who really care about strangers and 
help make this mess of a world a better place thanks missionaries!!!This was an amazing episode.