Amazing story@Mila897 mormon haters ofcourse.... ....but life goes on:)Thanks for leaving this video on here, it is inspiring to focus on the lord 
and the love for our family this day of rememberance. God bless those that 
were lost and affected by this.i am truly amazed at how there can be any dislikes on this videoShared this on facebook this morning. Sharing the hope in Christ. Its a big example about things realy important in life !A Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints Message The Prophet Mormon 
not needed to describe the nature of this testimony@trashthethrasher What would you like to know? You can find a good base of 
our beliefs by searching the term "Mormon Articles of Faith." I believe we 
are hated because very few understand what we believe or take the time to 
learn about our church and interact with our members. I know with out a 
shadow of a doubt the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints is 
Christ's church here on this earth, and nothing but hope and love will come 
to you by learning more about it.@trashthethrasher Go to mormon.org, it has a ton of useful information and 
you can chat with people and ask any questions you have. It tells our 
beliefs, values, FAQ's, shows profiles of members, and shows the truth 
about what we believe. Basic beliefs of Latter-day Saints (aka Mormons) are 1) Faith in our 
Savior, Jesus Christ; 2) Repentance for our imperfections through Christ's 
sacrifice/atonement; 3) Baptism for the cancellation of previous sins and 
4) Receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost so we can receive continued 
inspiration and forgiveness from God in our lives. mormon.org/me/1WTG/ This guy had a huge guilt for something that he should not have had. But I 
guess you can not know what survivor's guilt is like until you go through 
it. This guy remembered the teaching of the Church and his faith, which 
showed in this countence. This is a an amazing story. It really hit my 
heart. Thank you for this.Could someone please tell me how there could be 82 dislikes? As a 
profesional rescuer/ firefighter for almost 20 years I could not be more 
proud of this bretheren sharing his story of courage. I I have nightmares 
and can't sleep to this day. May all those lost there lives on that tragic 
day may rest in peace.It's so refreshing to see someone talk about the good things that came out 
of 9/11, instead of the bad. Our Heavenly Father knows our struggles, and 
we can either choose to go to Him when we need Him most, or we can go our 
own way and be depressed and angry. No matter what life gives you, God can 
give you more, and He can give you better. RIP all those who died on 9/11 <3Can someone tell me the basics of the Mormon beliefs? And also why the get 
so much hate for those beliefs? Thanks.This is such an uplifting look at the tragic events-- a welcome view on 
this 10-year anniversary. As a former NYC resident, my heart goes out to 
all those who have been affected.be my bishop again!!! <3 (its amanda by the way :)) I LOVE YOU! :)thank you for sharing this beautiful story. I wish you and your family 
well. I wish there was a love button <3 Thank you Bro Guzeman...God Bless...@southport97 but it can. I think that is the point of this video. We don't 
have to do it alone and it can get easier. We will never forget what 
happened that day, but we can still move on and be happy.After all the video's I have watch on 9/11 this is the best.I LOVE THIS AND COULD WATCH IT ALL DAY!!i could literally watch this over and over again, this is such a good one :)For most, it doesn't get any better or easier. Those that tell you 
otherwise are lying to you or themselves. Story is about a 9/11 survivor who found joy w/ faith & good practices in 
the Mormon, but can happen true seekers on other spiritual paths. Truth in 
all faiths speaks to love, compassion & generosity.  I hope we all feel as bad for all the inocent people killed in Iraq, 
Afghanistan and all the other wars. They all are as son of God as we are. 
May we all put the human kind above our contries and that God doesn't bless 
only usa, but also ALL THE COUNTRIES, cause nobody is better than another!Let us never ever forgot 911. God bless America.wow. great video. it brought tears.When I went to the Smithsonian in D.C., I got to touch a piece of twisted 
steel from the 70th floor of the South Tower. It was so surreal, to be able 
to see AND touch history like that...God is in the details of our lives and often blesses us through others who 
hear and and act on God's whisperings.Any Time we are faced with eminent death, all things Speak with the most 
profound voice. We are able Anytime to hear and see..it's just a matter of 
remembering our essence. Much Lovethis made me cry. Thanks you so much.this movie impressed me! Realy realy good film!Very inspiring..Listening to this story gives me shivers. So powerful! Stories like this 
make me want to "be still and know that He is God". Thank you so much for 
posting this vid! Definitely going in my favorites!!! ^_^What a beautiful video, and what a great way to remember 9/11! I lived in 
NYC when I was little, so even though I wasn't there at the time, 9/11 had 
a special meaning and significance for me as well. And I have also 
experienced the gospel of Jesus Christ changing my life, as Victor has. I 
know that it works!god moves in mysterious ways. blessed are those who find the wayi don't but do you know of any more videos that are inspiringDoes anyone know of the music they used? it is inspiring! I really loved 
everything about this message! It makes me want to try harder and enjoy 
life:)God bless all our bishops who love and serve and of His children.TRUE!Sitting waiting for my next class in the institute building, and this video 
is almost bringing me to tears. Luckily I can supress them so people dont 
look at me crying watching a random video! I really enjoyed it though, 
makes you think about a lot of things in your everyday life routine.Very nice video! Thanks to Mirasol for sharing!Thank you for this. I just saw it today even though it has been up for 
sometime. This is a beautiful tribute and reminder. In reality a place to 
find hope. Could you change the title to "Finding Hope - a 9/11 Story" So 
that searches for 9/11 find it.this is so beautiful!This is a beautiful docuvideo. Stellar cinematography, music, and an even 
better message. Thank you for making this.I loved it. (': <3Sometimes we have to be shook to the core to realize what is really 
important in ones life......family, in an instant it can all fade away, 
grasp every moment, every time you can.....Thank you for this awesome story.All challanges in life can lead to a 
greater love for our saviour,if we have the right perspective and hope in 
himAmen! <3Very well documented. It was a pleasure to read how there was some good 
that came out of that tragic event.The very was so Spirit Filled, it even touched me through the internet, 
strength and faith are what I need to build up, it was also important that 
his Bishop never forgot him and kept up with him.This video not only tells of your renewed spirit through faith in Jesus 
Christ but is nicely done. It has a very nice quality which makes it good 
to share. Thanks for putting the time into it so others will listen to the 
message. God bless you for telling your story!I know. I was like 7 or something and I don't remember anything but getting 
the day off from school.Thank you for sharing. We experience the 911 in our individual life daily 
whether at Ground Zero or with our own family. It may not be as significant 
but at moments of need we experience similar feelings. We should be forever 
grateful to our Father in Heaven for his love & guidance that keep us going 
and strive to do better each day. May his blessing always be with you.Amazing story of courage and strength after the 9/11 attacks.A beautiful message.I, thought this vidio was very touching, it took me back a few years. I 
will share this with others and ask others to pray for there families. To 
help them mentally as well as spiritally, and physically also. Thank You 
for sending it.Can we as a nation find it in ourselves to put aside our differences and 
our sins and find our God again? I know that if we can and will, we will be 
both stronger together and stronger and confident before our God. God bless 
the USA!You and your family are truly blessedi remember the morning of 9/11 when my momwas crying and she handed me her 
cell phone and said that it was brother and he told me over and over how 
much he loved me and i was only 6 so i didnt know why he was telling me 
this but then he said they were coming bac down the aisle and he hung up 
and 20 min later my mom crying in the living room and me and my sister came 
in and she said that our brothers plane had just crashed into the WTC R.I.P 
all whose lives ended that day + my brother we love uThank you, Victor! Very, very powerful video. You have taken a wonderful 
approach to a most devastating experience. May God continue to bless you!muy powerful R.I.P 9/11!!May god bless everyone and RIP for people who have 
died...Firemen...Policemen....all herosThanks Victor, it is a beautiful story. Heavenly Father has a wonderful 
purpose in store for you, that only you can do! God Bless your family!What a beautiful message! The Spirit is powerful :-)i think people should find that arguing between politics and all that other 
crap, we should start over as strong americans who wont just brush this off 
there shoulders. Over 2000 people died undeservingly. America needs to find 
faith again.Let us never forget the men, women and children that died 8 years ago. Let 
us never for get 9/11aww today is 9-11-09 ): this is very sad that many is very very lucky to be 
here...r.i.p all the people that didn't survive the 9-11 attack. very clear video.And thats why terrorists will never win. This Man, whom I have never met, 
shows that no matter what happens and how terrible it may be... Life will 
continue. Im not of any organized faith but I do believe in treating every 
person as an equal. Mormon, Jew, Cristian, muslim. We're all together. 
Thank you for your story sir. From CanadaMy Brother in the video, thank you for telling your story and giving me a 
more stranth in hope in our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. He was with you 
on Sept. 11, 2001acually this guy was my dads missionary companion. Victor if you read this 
he was anthony porter you might have called him tony but this morning he 
told me about you and he said that you were his favorite companion if 
victor you have a youtube account his is anthporter you should check him 
out and one more thing i really want to meet you victor i have always 
wanted to meet a 9 11 survivorOne who never forgets, in retrospect WHY tragedy has beset them, gains the 
courage toward action and cooperation in preventing future catastrophe... 
thus honoring the sacrifice made. C.H.A.O.S.RIP to everyone who did not survive and God Bless the rest.thank you :)just a little msg to the USA New York espesh from your brothers in arms 
from the UK thinking about you all on this dark day , England is as we 
always have been and always will be behind you ! take care be safe got your 
back !!!!!!!!!!!truly amazing story from this survivor.At the beginning you asked your self why you??? and I said to myself Why 
not you? You were left here for a wonderful reason! Thank you for showing 
us your emotions about this horrible day! Iam so glad you found the confort 
in Jesus Christ! God bless you and your family! GOD BLESS THE USA! AMERICA 
AND THE WORLD WILL NEVER FORGET 911.Can you add 9/11 to the title so it will come up when searched?It seems strange sometimes that we find comfort from others stories. Thank 
you for sharing yours. I feel empowered by your story. Stronger faith too. 
God bless you my dear brother, and all those healing.God Bless the ones who made a difference. Thank god for the our troops!that is a shocking story he was on the 89th floor of the north tower and he 
survived.nowa days people just seem to forget 911 but rest in peace those 
who diedjust like to say we will always remember this day god bless from scotlandA very nice video :) RIP to all who died.You're right, Sept. 11th is not a holiday like Christmas or Easter, but 
more like a Pearl Harbor. It is a day we should always remember. It is a 
day that America was attacked. It is a day lives were lost and heroes were 
born. It is a day when this country was brought together. Those evil 
designers of the attacks meant to hurt America and only made her 
stronger...as long as we don't forget.After watching a bunch of really sad videos about the tragedy of 9/11. It 
was so awesome to see someone actually showing the positive things that 
came out of 9/11. Great filming BTW. People tend to blame 9/11 on God, not 
recognizing that God, because he is merciful, gives each of us a free 
choice and those who did this to us, made that choice. It's not our job to 
judge WHY God let this happen, but to understand that families like this 
one would not have been transformed without 9/11.Wonderful video. Thank you.You're forgetting Memorial Day and Veteran's Day. Also, Easter is a 
celebration of Christ's Life and Death for you. As is Christmas. All 
holidays have serious undertones. A reminder of the blessings God gives us. 
A remembrance of those who died for freedom, for life, or because they were 
doing what they should. And Patriot Day is on calendars.8 years today. R.I.P xxVery touching and inspiring video. Christ truly can heal each of us from 
our pain.I'm so glad that a little bit of good came out of this tragedy, the Guzman 
family understand what's important now. New Yorkers are strong, brave 
Americans who are trying to rebuild. This should be a national holiday, 
just like Pearl Harbor Day. My flag is flying on my porch, to honor those 
who experienced September 11th, 2001 firsthand. God doesn't make bad things 
happen, but he can comfort and heal us if we turn to him. God bless America!a national holiday is something to be celebrated this isnt Christmas, or 
friggin easter...however i see what you were trying to say....it should be 
something along the lines of martin luther king jr and put on a calendar so 
that our future generation can remember this day..it was a very sad sad dayR.I.P the nearly 3000 Americans who were killed this day by terrorists....This is a great day to think about the victims. No politics. No war on 
terror. Just those we lost that day. This moving account from inside the 
buildings allowed me to focus my attention on one victim. [ 
thehappeningstory(dot)blogspot(dot)com ] . the hyperlink doesn't work, so 
cut and paste and replace each (dot) with a period. It's worth a read.i was crying during this videoGreat Message and exceptional cinematography!this is just one of the many of Jesus Christs miraclesThis was inspired. Thank you for making it, and thank you to the Victor 
Guzman and his family for sharing their story to help all of us heal.Phenomenal....So grateful for the gospel and the fellowship and testimonies of others