Jesus is the true messiah ,may he soon return.﻿jesus is Lord﻿A beautiful depiction of Easter morning. Thank you.﻿WHERE CAN I WATCH THE WHOLE MOVIE PLEASE..THANK YOU﻿The Plan of Salvation  

available to one and ALL.

I can't put it any more simply than that.﻿Jesus is a Lord of all human kind ﻿What movie is this? Does anyone know the title of this movie?﻿Today is Good Friday 2015﻿Jesus resurrected, Jesus Christ literally glows on this video, amazing, 
well done, very informative.  Watch to the end, and become a believer in 
Christ our Savior, our Father in Heaven, who also hath a Father.  Jesus 
Christ is Our Father, Son, Holy Ghost in one, but I believe He also hath a 
Father, which has nothing to do with this world, or this kingdom in this 
Universe.﻿romans are so crule to kill Jesus Christ what has he done to them﻿the miracle i have experience is the love of god..god is love﻿his ressurection jesus give happiness to all humanity, i cant imagine how 
mary magdalene reaction and the feeling of happiness when she see the 
savior again..his sadness turn to happiness and jesus choose her to tell 
all disciple that he is alive....﻿praise the lord﻿amen hallelujah praise the lord  ﻿Undertaker resurrected videos are far better than this.﻿read the bible﻿I love my Lord God for forgiving our sins, GOD BLESS.amenIt amazes me how just thinking about him during my trials makes me feel so 
much better. I could only imagine what his presence must feel like." an innocent lamb was slain so we could be forgiven "he is alive god is aliveJudgment day is coming, be ready for the arrival of Jesus ChristJesus crist is our savior :)I got goosebumps watching this He loves you beyond death! Peter and another Ran unto the scene One ahead of the other... The empty 
tomb was seen They tried to comfort Mary But she refused to leave She 
wanting to carry Him back from the thief A voice said, "Why weepest thou?" 
She explained her pain Another said, "What seekest thou?" Then...He spoke 
her name She turned herself, saying aloud "Rabboni" in the tenderest way She could 
not touch Him, it was not allowed But she was first to see Him that day 
Mary tells us what took place Jesus ascended to God above She saw His 
triumphant face And recognized His voice and loveTo all those who have been born in this life,will one day will see him, 
Jesus Christ that has died for us,that we might live again after our death 
and be as he is to live for ever. AmenI've always felt that Mary was crying with her head away from the Saviour 
and recognized his voice and then looked up... least that was the picture 
in my head. I'm sure if I had seen the Saviour face on like the video 
depicts... I would have recognized him. But I do love these video's. I 
don't suppose my comments will be recorded they always seem to be edited 
out???i wuv him 2 death ppl!;) jesus resurrected nobody else can do thatHappy Easter!The true gospel is a wonderful thing to have in my life. The Lord God who 
is my Redeemer has gone through what Heavenly Father wanted Jesus the 
Anointed One to do. So therefore, we all can return to Our King for he died 
for the sins of the world and being a resurrected Being is a wonderful gift 
for us all to have to be able to return to Heaven. I love my Heavenly 
Father, the Redeemer, and the Holy Ghost!I love Thiswow, really? God's son died for your sins so you could be saved and that is 
how you repay Him? shame on you!Happy Easter!How marvelous it is to know of the gospel of Jesus Christ and that it is 
indeed true. I am grateful to be a daughter of our heavenly father. So 
thankful for the Atonement which allows me to be baptized and free of all 
my sins and can endure to the end. thank you merciful GodMay we remember the cross......but celebrate HIS victory!!!Great video, God blessDean: And did the punishment fit the crime? Yes! Justice (thru the 
crucifixion) was satisfied-because Mercy (thru the atonement) was given. 
But whose crime was it?...Not Jesus'. It was the crimes/sins of the people. 
Jesus' HEART was and is "The Gift." CJ2020 is right, in my view. The Saviour had yet to report home to his 
mission leader (Heavenly Father) and be released from his earthly mission 
and receive his glorified body. When Jesus appeared to the Disciples and 
ate meat with them they were able to feel his then resurrected body. I hope they release a video of His charge to the Eleven Apostles after His 
resurrection- "Go and teach all nations". I know that Jesus was resurrected, and that He is the Son of God. I know He 
lives. He later told His apostles to "Handle me and see." Thomas felt the wounds 
in his hands, sides and feet. I point this out because later people did 
touch Him. Some think that he ascended to the Father after appearing to 
Mary but before appearing to the Apostles. That is one possibility. I like these videos SO MUCH BETTER than the new ones. The new ones are 
distracting with the accents and odd takes. This one is so beautiful! How 
glorious to ponder on the life of Jesus Christ. Jesus lives! It is true, and one day soon I believe he will come again. He 
is my salvation. The thing that I realize now about the account in John 20:1-10 is that if 
the body of Christ had been taken by others, the burial clothes would not 
have been left behind. The burial clothes were to cover up the appearance 
of the dead man. If the body had been taken by others, they would not have 
unwrapped the body. The burial clothes being left behind was a clue to John 
that the Lord had resurrecected. i respect that last comment like crazy! anyone who loves jesus and 
appreciates what he did i appriciate themI wonder when the 2nd coming of Christ is? ?why was this Recommended to me when im watching halo 4 video?Jesus is Risen, Praise his Holy NameYou say that with a certainty that I don't think it deserves.Mormons -_-Is this actual footage?I wish I could express all my gratitude to my Savior and Redeemer Jesus 
Christ. He has been there when I had no one. He knows everything that I go 
through. He atoned for all of our sins so that we could live with him 
again. He drank the bitter cup even though he did not have to. He did this 
because he loves each and every one of us. Many people believe that Mormons 
are not Christians... I can testify to you that we dedicate our lives to 
serving our Lord and Savior. I know my redeemer lives. I have thought it was because He had not yet received his celestial body 
but was in spirit form at that time. I don't know though. Perhaps someone 
smart could research this and let us know. :D I did not understand why he could not be touched as well, but lit was 
revealed to me that when Satan fell, the Holy temple in Heaven needed to be 
cleansed. The only way it could have been cleansed was by the blood of 
Jesus. Jesus was the sacrifice that cleansed the heavenly temple. Just do 
some research on how the Jewish priests would use the blood from a 
sacrifice to cleanse the altar and temple. Mind blowing huh? It was to me It NEVER happenedJesus in Islam is easily comprehensible unlike Bible. He was a man, a 
prophet, born miraculously without a father. He performed many miracles by 
God’s permission and never said he is God. Jesus was not killed or 
crucified, but saved by Almighty God and taken upto Him. He will come back 
before end of time, establish justice, kill Dajjal (the anti-christ) and 
will die here as death is inevitable to human. Jesus and Mary are great 
figures in ISLAM, many verses about them in Quran.Jesus...I have sinned and done against you..Im not proud of that but 
forgive me, forgive us all for what we have done to you! you are the boss, 
I want YOU Jesus to controlle you are GOD. JESUS IS THE BOSS!!!!!!I LOVE THESE VIDEOS, can anyone tell me where I can buy the DVD? ThanksBe careful with that one, even if it is meant well. It wont make you 
friends on either side of the aisle :DEL RESUCITO, SI RESUCITO, Y ESTA VIVO. It's the LDS Bible videos. Follow the link in the description to watch the 
rest. I'm almost positive Jesus would love to embrace&hug Mary at this time. But 
we must remember that the Savior had not yet ascended and embraced His own 
Father in Heaven yet. It is my opinion that the Savior would like to save 
His first embrace as a resurrected being for His Heavenly Father, which 
would've been a most sacred and joyous reunion =]Why does Jesus not want Mary to touch Him? Just curious. This video is 
beautiful but that part struck confusion in me. Why wouldn't He want to hug 
Mary? I'm sure His reasoning was perfect because He IS perfect, but does 
anyone else wonder this or understand as to why He might have said it? 
Thanks so much!this is the turning point of everything in the bible and it's so beautiful 
to know what jesus has done for us, but it's so disgusting some of society 
takes this for granted. if you do get a chance, check out my channel. i'm 
preaching about takingin the word of god. thank you. :)Jesus is love!GREAT VIDEO, INSPIRED ME IN A GOOD WAY.Ya know. Mormons are better Christians than most Christians.This fills my soul! I love the Gospel!NO HAY OTRA IGLESIA QUE ENSEÑE MAS DE JESUCISTO QUE ESTA.NICE VIDEO..I've watched this video more than 5 times, but.. it just hit me more than 
ever now. I feel so excited for the second coming, for whenever I'll get to 
see the Savior again. Now I can't wait to teach others of His gospel :DNo friend :D He was crucified on a Friday (hence Good Friday) and 
resurrected on a Sunday (in those days Sunday was called the first or 
eighth day of the week). The Seventh day was Saturday (the day of rest, 
when God rested). But when Jesus was resurrected on a Sunday the new 
sabbath became a Sunday instead of Saturday (called The Lord's day, in 
honor of His resurrection).We are all Christian and trying to be better at following Him. That is what 
really matters. God bless you friend.He ascended up to His Father, and my Father. He ascended up to His God, and 
my God. And one day, I will do the same. We will all do the same. Death is 
not where life ends, but it is where life begins. We will all see Christ as 
we ascend to Him and our Heavenly Father.I was always confused on Jesus being resurrected after 3 days of death. Its 
actually that he was resurrected on the third day with the crucifixition 
being the first day. It is amazing that Jesus did all he did for us and 
that he still spiritually lives.i love you jesus christ <3 please bless my family i love you god...and I'm an Atheist.long live Christianity.!تتThank you for this messages may God bless you every day of your life.jesus is my savior and he lives<3 He over came death, sin, sorrow and all evil for us and we must draw near 
to Him every day of our lives. Jesus Christ is my Savior and He lives!