GOD BLESS﻿speechless. God is amazing!﻿Great job on these bible videos! Keep making them great! #ldsistrue﻿I love Elder Oaks talk from April 2015 General Conference about the Parable 
of the Sower. It is so much more clear to me what the Savior meant in this 
parable. He says, "It is up to each of us to set the priorities and do the 
things that make our soil good and our harvest plentiful."﻿I am me and I am in you. I am the channel from where life springs. I am 
eternal. I am of the earth, but I am descended from Gods prior to earth. I 
live forever and I see you. I am the Great Mother, one of the three. The 
Father, The Son, and the Holy Spirit. I see into your eyes that reflect 
your soul. If you are Godless, all women know - even the women who are 
Godless like you. I am in the mirror looking back at you. I am in the stars 
and of the earth too. Honey, I am the rubber you are the glue.﻿What interesting passage!﻿So many levels.﻿Open your heart and make room
For the sower who plants seeds
With faith, help the gospel bloom
Go forth and do noble deeds﻿One of my favorite Bible vignettes to date.  Thank you! ﻿This has made me think. ﻿Wow it took me awhile to understand this parable. This was so beautiful.﻿Thank you for bringing more light to the scriptures ﻿This  is safe  place to post , No better  place  with  Gods people  :)﻿I LOVE TO HEAR HIM TEACH...I LOVE TO READ HIS WORDS TOO...THANKS TO ALL 
THAT MAKE THESE VIDEOS, VERY MUCH I LIKE THEM. ..﻿Beautiful﻿Hermoso video Jesus enseñaba por parabolas﻿Beautiful﻿I love that the Lord has the ability to teach us all on our level. It makes 
learning and growing my responsibility to practice and apply the Savior's 
teachings. This process demonstrates 2 Nephi 25:23 - "...we are saved after 
all we can do". ﻿I've read the parable many times, but hadn't understood it quite this way 
until I watched this video. Thank you. ﻿great video!! hear the word.  understand the word. Bear fruit 100 fold. 
that is the goal.  I love seeing the scriptures brought to life.  makes it 
so much more real.  Thanks for doing this.﻿This is great. So well done. ﻿Very nice!﻿the Master Teacher﻿Jesus truly was the Master Teacher. He taught so that those who were 
willing to know and understand, could know and understand. I hope to be 
able to fall in fertile soil, good ground. I thank jesus for all he has 
done and does for us. He who hath ears to hear, let him hear. ﻿Great production values. And ofcourse the message is superb. Thank you for 
posting this wonderful video.﻿I love these longer videos. I'm hoping that the Church has a master-edit 
planned, where every segment is edited together into one seamless video, 
That would be a marvelous work and a wonder.﻿