powerful message....﻿Powerful message, not easily understood.  I used to be like the laborer 
thinking that it wasn't fair for the ones who only worked a short time to 
receive an equal reward for those who labored 10 times as long.  But 
through studying the bible I'm starting to understand God's grace for 
mankind and how his gift of everlasting life will be given to those who 
believe and do his will.

This parable and the parable of the prodigal son are very similar in 
teaching.  Both of which I thought were ridiculous when I was a 
non-believer.  2 Corinthians 4:4 was in full effect with me.  My mind was 
blinded... But now I understand.﻿With all the laborers about
The vast vineyard was still yet in need.
One more hour, time was running out!
More hands were sought and worked hard, indeed!

Later, the laborers were gathered in
To receive of their promised pay.
They were paid all the same in the end
For the vintner had but this last day.﻿  Brian W     Matt 16:27 For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his 
Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his 
works.﻿Brian W, you are not understanding the parable's meaning.  I suggest you 
listen to this talk.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrS7ApMku7Q﻿In regards to Brian's comment below, I see his point but I think when 
Christ refers to the kingdom of God he is speaking specifically of the 
Celestial Kingdom, the highest of the three. After all, to "be saved" means 
to return to God's presence, and He dwells only in the celestial kingdom. 
So yes, all who accept the restored Gospel (coming to the vineyard) and 
live it (working diligently in the vineyard) will be equally saved in the 
Celestial Kingdom regardless of when they come. But those who don't ever 
come or don't live it are those who will inherit the lower kingdoms.﻿To Brian W. Good question. Here is a possible answer.
This video has Jesus quoting Luke’s rendition of this topic rather than 
Matthew’s or Mark’s (“manifold more” vs. “hundredfold”), but then skips 
back to Matthew for the subsequent parable. (See Matt.19:29, Mark 10:29, 
Luke 18:29.)
The parable deals with hiring “labourers,” that is those who believe in 
“works.” Labor indicates work. It deals with these “good and faithful” 
labourers laboring for the Master who, in the end, merit “exaltation” (the 
penny). It makes no difference whether they came to earth thousands of 
years ago and have since departed and have continued their labor in the 
Spirit World even up to this time, or whether they are only now entering 
mortality and seek to do His bidding in this the late hour.
Those who merit a lower heaven are those who were “wicked and slothful” 
servants – those who did not labor.﻿what amazes me is that Mormons use this... all the labours are paid the 
same for the work in the garden which  goes against the 3 kingdom belief. 
In the 3 kingdom belief there is a belief that there are some which sin and 
were saved but the saveing IS NOT EQUAL.﻿We all get what we need.﻿Beautiful. We shall all receive what we the Savior thinks we are worth. ﻿Vivid memory of Elder Holland's talk came to mind immediately: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrS7ApMku7Q﻿I love this seeing this parable. It reminds me of Elder Jeffrey R Holland's 
talk with the same name: 
https://www.lds.org/general-conference/2012/04/the-laborers-in-the-vineyard?lang=eng
 

The glorious truth of this message is that all of us can be saved by God's 
grace and receive our eternal reward to live with God again. ﻿We are of the 11th hour and let's do what we are able from what many others 
have done before us in inviting others unto Christ.﻿Well thats neat =)﻿Love it!﻿Quality! I've always quite liked this passage. It's really informative 
about the Abrahamic Covenant and such grafting. Keep up the good works ;)﻿