First Presidency Message, 1978:

“Failure to act could subject untold thousands to preventable lifelong 
physical or mental impairment, including paralysis, blindness, deafness, 
heart damage, and mental retardation.

“We urge members of the Church … to protect their own children through 
immunization. Then they may wish to join other public-spirited citizens in 
efforts to eradicate ignorance and apathy that have caused the disturbingly 
low levels of childhood immunization.” (Reported in Ensign, July 1978, p. 
79.)

https://www.lds.org/ensign/1985/07/random-sampler/immunizations-a-reminder?lang=eng&cid=facebook-shared
﻿I really want to hepp my feloow brothers and sisters﻿I feel bad for people in these countries but as an American knowing that 
vaccines have mercury-some still do, and they make them with the help of 
aborted children (two whose cells they continue to grow and use in the 
making of the vaccines), not to mention the several hundred children maimed 
or killed from the vaccines, I would rather risk my children to a rare 
disease (as measles) instead of risk their death while they are healthy to 
a stupid vaccine. The church is true but I don't support this video.﻿please don't vaccinate﻿When people say they don't want to vaccinate their kids...just think of the 
millions of children in third world countries that would give anything to 
have access these vaccinations.﻿As a medical student I've also had my chance to do extensive research and 
use logic to come to the conclusion that vaccines work! Does sanitation 
help prevent diseases? Absolutely! Add vaccines on top of that and you can 
prevent a number of diseases. 

I think maybe the Church is dropping a subtle hint here that we should 
trust in the miracle of modern medicine, including vaccines. All good 
things come from God and I believe He has inspired men to create vaccines 
to allow us to live a long and happy life on this earth with less 
suffering. Let's help those who are suffering more than us by providing a 
way for them to receive access to clean water and modern medicine. ﻿I was upset to see the church post this video.  I don't think it is 
appropriate for the church to take a stance on this subject matter. 
 Whether you are pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, that is a choice you should 
feel free to make as a parent separate from the influence of the church.﻿What a powerful message!  March is national immunization month.  Is you 
child protected?  Are you protected?  Vaccines work and save lives too!﻿Vaccines are awesome! We are so lucky to have them.﻿Great video! ﻿As between conflicts between Mercola, et.al. and my Church on the subject 
of vaccinations, I resolve these in favor of the latter. #mormon 
#sharegoodness﻿Sadly, I fear many in the US won't listenuntil THEIR baby dies.﻿They are still losing more than 300 children a day! That makes me sad, deep 
inside. How can we not go on in such a worthy cause?﻿Wow!  Not to sure how to respond to this one.  First off, I love Mormon 
Messages, I think they are great and really uplifting.  However, after the 
extensive research I've been doing, understanding the industries that 
support them, and using logic, I've came to the conclusion that they can be 
detrimental to all areas of our health and well being. 

The lady on here mentions that her child died in 1984 from measles.  How 
were the conditions where she was living at that time (although still 
poverty stricken, it looks like they have running water and cleaner 
conditions)? How many more illnesses did her child have?  All that has to 
be taken into affect since sanitary issues and nutritional deficiencies are 
the biggest cause of disease in other countries,not the inability to 
vaccinate.  Today, out of those 300 babies dying a day, how many have AIDS 
or other crippling diseases due to unhealthy habits?  To go and say that a 
shot filled with tons of toxic chemicals is preventing measles and other 
diseases from causing death goes against the laws of nature.  Just look at 
the measles outbreak in the U.S.  Many of them were vaccinated.  So then, 
what is the point of vaccinations again? 



Again, I love the Church and this YouTube channel, but my logical brain 
given to me by Heavenly Father will not allow me to accept this over usage 
of vaccines.  Only time will tell by looking at these children and 
evaluating their health in the upcoming years.﻿What about the children that have and will die from the vaccination? No 
mention of them? 
The benefits outweigh the risks but the fact is there is a small percentage 
of children who have severe, permanent reactions and/or die from the 
vaccines just as there is a small percentage of children who die from these 
diseases. Yet we claim are only saving them. 
Why do we not prepare parents whose children might suffer from the vaccine 
for that circumstance? ﻿Sad that here in the US we have so many people afraid to immunize when 
these poor people might never had had the chance to.﻿Wow.﻿