I do ﻿Look at How The Joy of the Lord is Our Strength........﻿this woman is amazing !  Very inspiring example she has set for me.﻿Way to go Katie! You are amazing!PIDO DE FAVOR ENVIEN ESTOS MENSAJES EN ESPÑOLThe Lord sees ability In the disability He makes the weak things strong And 
carries us alongAwesome :)you go Katey god bless you and all who are fighting the good fight and 
holding on to the promises of our king .......these people can walk again if they ask God, so easy, do the right thing by 
God, have Faith and ask....Katie you are awesome!! So glad to know you and have you as a friend. Loved 
the Utah Handcycle photos!So inspiring, thank you Katy:) How great huh?She went to my ward! I got to shake her hand and Im very proud of her.@topmommentor Yes, but your spirit and your body together are your soul, so 
you need both. Just let your spirit soar and be the leader when your body 
is weak and prone to temptations and injury. :)"The Lord sees our ability within our disability." -So true! Aren't we all 
'disabled?'Thanks for sharing! I love this video. I'm grateful that I have our heavenly Father in my life. Great video, thanks!Check out my youtube videos. I was hurt when a car merged into me on my 
motorcycle on the highway and I slide headfirst into the guardrail burting 
my T6/T7 vertebrae and almost cutting off my arm. I was more than 
detirmined to ride again, so beore I even bought a car to get around in I 
bought a new motorcycle and found someone to build a custom kit with arms 
to activate stabilizer arms, and I was wondering if you might be interested 
in something like riding a motorcycle despite your injury?Thank you for living your life as an inspirationI loved your story and the amazing courage you have found, that is so 
inspiring. She has one good reason not to give up, and that is what we all can believe 
in for ouselves. Thank you for your great example. [0:58]With her trial in this life she has touched so many more lives with her 
strength now than she ever could have if she had never had this trial. What 
a wonderful example and beautiful daughter of our Heavenly Father she is. 
She is a hero to us all and Thank you so much for posting! God BlessWhat incredible faith and trust our father in heaven had in this woman by 
seizing the opportunity to run to her after the accident, and give her the 
chance to learn something about herself, one day at a time, that she could 
learn in no other way, while blessing the lives of thousands in the 
process. I'm confident he is very proud of her for how she has moved 
forward. Thank you for your inspirational example - god bless!Thank you so much for posting this. I really needed to hear this today. I 
needed to remember that the hard times are doable, and that the biggest 
challenges can be for our good. Thank you for sharing your wonderful testimony. I really appreciate this. I have multiple challenges, having survived 
severe abuse when young, but I know God saved my life then and it helps, 
when I'm worn and shaky now, to hear others' reassurances. This is a very 
comforting and encouraging message. Thank you.Amazing! So inspiring! Thanks for sharing.