This is such a powerful message. A beautiful reminder to build others and 
share hope. One small choice here could have made all the difference 
between increased strength and despair.﻿This made me cry😂😂😂😂﻿I love those Random Acts of Kindness. What a valuable lession﻿its beautiful﻿This is a great lesson. My favorite﻿so good﻿The guy talking is that field person I think﻿They did give them a silver dollar always find a way too help ppl﻿who in their right mind could dislike this heartwarming piece of art?﻿That's just an excellent story and video. Really heart-touching.﻿Why would he be working in the field with no shoes on?﻿Probably my favorite story ever. So inspiring and so well told. Great 
video.﻿This is Beautiful. Im not mormon. i do believe in Christ & this emotion 
after watching this video is the soul & heart of Christ. You can truly feel 
the love of Christ & the connection to all living things.﻿<3 it﻿This brought tears to my eyes. What an amazing story! The Holy Ghost is So 
Strong!﻿I love watch all your little story ,,thank you Jesus God bless﻿Love it! It is extremely touching. It helps to have videos like these to 
help teach and learn the gospel.﻿This is my favorite story!﻿Wow, just wow. ﻿I love this story! I don't know a better feeling than being a tool on the 
hands of The Lord and helping to serve someone who needs it.﻿So touching! This brought tears to my eyes. I love Pres. Hinckley and miss 
him dearly. Thank You God for others that have good hearts and share. We 
are all blessed.﻿This video has got to be one of the most popular videos of it's kind, ever. 
 This video shows the importance of charity, giving from the heart, and how 
important a Christ-like love is.  I love all prophets, and miss all of them 
who are gone.  I fully believe that President Gordon B. Hinckley is one of 
the greatest story tellers, ever, don't you think? I love this video, and 
always start to cry, whenever I watch it, it is that beautiful....  ﻿This is one of the most beautiful, touching stories that I have ever seen.

Btw, what kind of person gives this video a thumbs down, honestly? I know 
it's the extreme minority, but still.﻿i love it By their fruits ye shall know them. We preach of Christ and try to embody 
his love.So those 2 boys are the lord? I love the music does anyone know where to find it?I love this story! It inspires me to want to do a special service project 
for someone!I love this video :Dme too. I grew up hearing his sweet voice. Listening to him reminds me of 
my childhood.It pays, to do good unto othersWow ... I miss listening to him during general conference especially today 
and yesterdays sessions .... R.I.P president Hinckley ... we all miss you 
... 3I won't cry, won't cry... *cries*Still brings tears in my eyes. I miss President Hinkley's comforting voicecant help but feel the Spirit and the desire to do better after watching 
that videoI respect your opinion. You're free to believe what you want. God bless, 
brother.brings me to tears every time put the religion aside, very good story.This is a story I hold dear to my heart. It is a great story of service, 
but it's always been special to me because the President I grew up with was 
President Hinkley, and his voice always rings a sweet spirit of compassion.The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is true. This one made me cry - so beautiful. It makes me want to be that much more 
sensitive to promptings so that I can be an angel to those who need it. How can we be false, when all that we teach is like this?Crazy Mormons!! Teaching people to life a life of being in the service of 
your fellow man. What a strange cult these wacko's have whipped up...... ;) Todavia puede haber jovenes que hagan algo asi... Sí sus padres, abuelos, 
tios les enseñamos con el ejemplo! I really felt the Spirit in this video, made me think in all the people who 
serve day bu day, quietly as this two boys. Shouldn't we pray yo be more 
like the older? =)This is my favorite video. I have watched many times. It makes me want to 
be better. Doing good does bring good feelings in return.thank you for this great videoI cry each time I watch. Good choices bring joyThis always gets me no matter how many times I've seen or heard this story. 
Such an amazing story. :')When we listen to the spirit we can change a heart a life, most often our 
own! ;)The church is True!!! My newest favorite video and story....What a good lesson! It is easier to play pranks, but what a blessing to do 
good! So what are you waiting for? :)por que no le ponen espanol no le entiendo nadaI watch this once a week. Helps me to stay in touch with the person I 
desire to be. Amazing story, very beautiful.Made me cry first time I saw it!Mormon Messages, WHY U ALWAYS MAKE ME CRY?!?! Every time without fail! As a Christian woman of mature years, I would counsel you against being 
unevenly yoked. Mormons and Christians have very different theologies and 
doctrines which can cause much dissension between a couple. You might not 
be as lucky as your grandfather. Wait for the Lord to send you that right 
young woman at the right time. And ask yourself this: "When I meet that 
ideal woman, am I the kind of man she would want to date and maybe marry?" 
Seek the Lord's will first rather than a wife.it was a beautiful story of kindness and faith of heplpingi cried :)173 Will not listen to the whisper of the Holy ghost..... Its knocking on 
the door.... Its in the air we all breath..... Harden hearts will never 
prevail..... Open ones will have eternal happiness through prayer thought 
and openness.. Think before you act what is really true? Yourself? or what 
you can not comprehend? Alma 7: 24 And see that ye have faith, hope, and 
charity, and then ye will always abound in good works. Moroni 10:20-21 
State: Without Faith, Hope and charity we cannot be saved! Wow if only we can all be more like this. I believe in this!!Doesn't Jesus say in 3rd Nephi that he will clothe you and feed you? I'm Gay and Buddhist, and this is a lovely Ad! <3 Gosh I miss President Hinckley. He was President throughout my teenage 
years and into my twenties. I just love listening to him talk, such a sweet 
spirit. we are so very luckyThat is the beauty of God's gospel. While we will always say that there is 
but one path back to our Father in Heaven. That in no way means that our 
Father in Heaven's plan is incomplete. He has made provisions for ALL MEN 
to receive the gospel's truth. In this life, or the next. While we must be 
baptized in the flesh. He has provided a way for those who never got the 
chance in this life, to have that ordinance performed for them should they 
choose in the next life to receive it. He loves us all.I love you President HinckleyI love this story!168 people have sensitive feet...Best ever prank... May we all be as inspired as these 2 boys were to help others!You don't need a reason to do good, everyone is our "neighbor", our 
"brother" or "sister".Same destination. But they are going about getting there the wrong way.Aw man...this story gets me every time! So many tears running down my face 
right now! :)Gordon B. Hinckley was my prophet when I was growing up, I always enjoyed 
the beautiful stories he had to share :)Something is wrong with my eyes ... they are leaking.I love this message. In today's world, it is far better to look for 
opportunities where you're able to warm your heart and soul by good works 
than to just think about yourself. You bless someone else and yourself. You 
accomplish so much more.yeah.........its really a nice story......i believe that its better to give 
than to receive....if we do like they did of the two young giving their 
silver coins to the farmer....we follow the steps of Jesus Christ 
behavior.....