I wanna know how to discern the difference between spirits?.﻿I am grateful for the comfort and peace I can find in the Savior.﻿OH I love thisThanks for posting these video's.. I am a Mormon, Thank You!What a beautiful message, Plain and simple.I think ANYONE can have peace with Heavenly Father. ANYONE can enter into 
heaven; it's all about having faith in Him and in Jesus Christ, and doing 
your best to follow His example. You follow His example by learning about 
what He was like on earth and what He is like now.We do not have a special "gift" that enables us to know how to have peace 
with Heavenly Father & enter into Heaven. We are blessed with the Book of 
Mormon, church services, & continuous revelation (which is revealed through 
our Prophet) which all teach us the way to peace & eternal life. I know 
that, if you are sincerely seeking to know more about our church, & you 
meet with the missionaries & read the Book of Mormon, you will find truth 
and happiness. Learn more: mormon.org/missionaries. "You KNOW what truth is. You know what it feels like." never let the child inside die...because maybe through him/her we will once 
again be worthy enough to go back to our Heavenly Fathers side. :) @sirnathan I totally understand where you are coming from and I am lds ... 
Its tough at times for me to really place my trust in unseen things as 
well... I think it is part of life for all of us to go through this, some 
go through it more then others. The one thing I know what it has done for 
me is become more compassionate for others and more caring and willing to 
serve others ! :) If that has changed me then I like to think god is 
shaping us. la iglesia de jesus christo de los santos de los ultimos dias es la iglesia 
donde yo pude y poder ser feliz por siempre!@66frankjames how are the promises or offers any sign of the truthfulness 
of the existence of god?Can a Mormon tell what it takes to have peace with the heavenly father and 
enter into heaven?We may not be able to see or touch what we believe in, but we can feel it 
through the power of the Holy Ghost. That's how we know! And I know that 
you can receive the same witness. :)@sirnathan You described everything I've been trying to explain for 3 years 
as I've tried to join the church. I finally did (with my parents there) and 
they've finally seen what you just said. Why NOT?! This is a good thing. A 
beautiful thing. Keep soul searching and I hope you find what you deserve :)why not believe? there are so many reason TO believe but why not believe? 
do we all need to be drug through terrible times and then have a miracle 
happen for us to believe? I do not need to have a miraculous miracle to 
believe in the church of Jesus Christ of later day saints. Just test it. it 
will show you that it is true.... Hebrews 11:1: Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the THE 
EVIDENCE of things not seen. Facts-Faith- then Feelings.@lidja2011 That's great! I am so happy for you, the Church is truly a great 
thing. It really does bring happiness. All of the things my parents and me 
and my siblings went through seemed easier knowing the Lord was watching 
over us. @lidja2011 Congratulations:)@minpinlover26 Why would you need physical evidence if you say that all it 
takes is Faith? If you have faith then why not believe in the Book of 
Mormon? No physical evidence is needed when you have faith. @ZantorAmar thats not true we do believe in the same jesus that the bible 
and christians believe in. i have a question for you have you read the book 
of mormon? if not then please do and you will see that the bible and the 
book of mormon are so different yet so smilier. we are in church for God 
and we know that it is true because God told us. but thank you for the nice 
remarks i am writing to help to understand. What an excellent video... highly recommend it. Learning is always a 
step-by-step process. I like how he said "we come to know what we already 
knew." It feels that way sometimes.Good Stuff.@sirnathan I commend this man. Keep trying, my friend, you can come to the 
knowledge if you have patience. He wants you to know Him more than you long 
to know Him.This video helps me when I'm having hard times. I LOVE THE GOSPEL!! <3I love Elder Andersen. He is such a loving and wonderful teacher.@ZantorAmar im mormon and id just like to say that we belive ub the jesus u 
belive in and the bible u belive in if u neeed info on that just pm meHahaha I love the gospel of Jesus Christ in its entirety. this is such a 
great talk!!amenThe newest apostle's testimony of the gospel of Jesus Christ. We need to 
pray to know...we must recognize that we don't know it all...I know that the Bible is the word of God. I also know that the Book of 
Mormon is as much the world of God as is the Bible. Anyone who reads the 
Book of Mormon will come to know that this is true as much as the Bible is 
true.I know that Christ is the Savior and Redeemer of the world. I know that the 
Book of Mormon is true and that it teaches about Jesus Christ and that all 
that is in the Book of Mormon really occurred. I have come to know that of 
myself and cannot deny it. Anyone who reads the Book of Mormon can come to 
know that if the read and ask God in prayer with a sincere heart.@tassiaoliphant agreedI remember this talk!! Watching this video brought me to tears! I testify 
and know that Jesus Christ is my savior. I was baptized about 2 years ago, 
and I know that He is the only source of TRUE happiness. The greatest 
blessing of my life is to know His Gospel, to have a prophet to guide us in 
the latter-days, and to have my Savior as a perfect example to follow.I know it.What an excellent message.Thank You so much your comment really means a lot to me =)I have not seen nor touched my brain, yet I know it's there. I recognize 
it's presence as I recall things of my past. It is by my faith I am able to 
correctly describe what my life was like while away from the tender mercies 
of our Lord and Savior. My faith has also allowed me to experience the 
blessings of our loving God, as I realize He has absolved my sins. I have 
not seen nor touched him. Yet, I don't need to to believe. I know He lives, 
just as I know I have a brain.October 2008. You can go to the Church's website and re-read the whole 
address if you want. It's a relatively short one. I love Bro. Andersen's 
talks.And oh how we need God to be speaking more now then we ever have during any 
period of time throughout all history. He speaks, my life is a witness of 
that, and it can be in your life too. Thanks for your respect for what we 
believe, I don't know what faith you are of, but I respect that as well.Which conference is this from?Good talkThe Lord loves you - you are his child. I would encourage you with all my 
love to seek out the missionaries of the Lord's church - The Church of 
JESUS CHRIST of Latter-Day Saints. Please seek them out and learn how HIS 
gospel can bless your life.download 'youtube downloader' its free and there is a youtube video that 
you can watch that tells you how to get it..it a great program and it will 
convert the video to wmv file which allows you to make your own video on 
windows movie maker"Vital religion cannot be maintained on the theory that... the Bible is the 
only evidence that our God is a living, revealing, communicating God. If 
God ever spoke, He is still speaking. He is the great I am, not the great 
He was." -Rufus Jones He does speak today, sirnathan. Even a thousand 
times. You say you don't know that you can ever place faith beyond what you 
can see and touch. You ask what it is to be truly bold in your faith...you 
can know if you want. I think you do.I've been doing a lot of soul searching as of late. I don't know that I can 
ever place faith beyond what I can see and touch. But I will say, I have 
nothing but absolute respect for the LDS church. What is it to truly be 
bold in your faith? I think it is more that just standing for what you 
believe in. I think it is also responding with patience, understanding, and 
forbearance to others when they seek to tear down your faith. If God spoke 
once, why not twice? Why not a thousand times?how can i download some videos here??pls can anyone tell me how???But it is Spanish! jejeje, thanks for your time to upload videos.Hey ciscokidd08, I'm LDS and just wanted to let you know that we study and 
believe in the Bible and the Book of Mormon. We believe the Book of Mormon 
to be additional support to the Bible. It also reaffirms the fact that 
Christ really existed and was resurrected. It's a common misconception that 
we don't study the Bible so I just wanted to correct that.why cant it be.."..an ongoing witness of the Bible"? im not bashing 
mormons..i firmly believe that like every other follower of Christ they are 
worshiping to the best of their ability. I just think they need to read the 
right book is all.A bit of a misconception, that's ok. Black people have always been able to 
be members, the confusion arises out of a period of time that ended in 1978 
where black men were not able to hold the priesthood. A revelation granted 
to President Spencer W. Kimball in the spring of 1978 resulted in all 
worthy men receiving the priesthood - thanks for asking the question.Actually, there has never been a prohibition on blacks being members of the 
church. Common misconception.the last shall be first and the first shall be last. blacks have always 
been members, but not always held the priesthood.I couldnt believe it when he was called as an apostle... I met him about a 
month before he was called in poole!... Amzing speaker...Black people have always been able to be members of The Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints. Blacks were eligible to recieve the priesthood 
on June 9,1978.For example, Gladys Knight... Of course, if you live in a city or town 
where there are very few blacks, you'll probably see very few, if any, 
black LDS. However, if you go to, say, New ORleans, Haiti, the Dominican 
Republic, Africa, etc, and go to an LDS chapel on any given Sunday, you'll 
see many, many black members. They'll probably think that the Curch doesn't 
allow whites...hehe, just kidding... 8-)I love love love these videos!He is Apostle of god.Wrong conference, sorry, IvyDesign. Try the October 2008 conference, 
Saturday morning session, and it was titled "You Know Enough".I've always liked Elder Andersens talks. Very simple and personal:)Actually this is an excerpt from the Sunday morning session. The talk is 
entitled Come Unto Him, given by Elder Neil L. Andersen. The full text and 
audio are available on the church website. (There is video available as 
well, but I can't seem to get the player to work to verify if this 
particular talk is available).niicee! that was well done... it just reminds me of how much i really like 
these charcaters and how much they bring to the table with there plots haha 
sounds corny but just watch it.Great Apostle of the Lord, he help us to feel the peace from the Lord Jesus 
Christ.Wonderful message and great testimony!A message of hope in an hour of need.beautifulIf only the real talks had background music...Sweet. Awesome. Best thing on YouTube.It's from the October 2008 conference. So it is available.Mormon Theologians agree that God lives on a distant planet, the planet 
KOLOB.Video is available now. Text transcripts will be available tomorrow.Another great Vid. Obviously the Lord once again chose wisely his newest 
apostle. The spirit of the Lord is clearly within this man.Thanks for bringing this powerful reminder to Youtube!Great message on faith.I really like this channel! And its is made by the Church. IT IS AN OFFICAL 
LDS CHANNEL. :)Mormon Messages: Elder Andersen - You Know Enough WONDERFULLY SAID!I remember this talk. I really enjoyed it. A very true message, I find.october conference last year:)i love this talk. you dont know everything, but you know enough. this talk 
made me like him more. the message was from General Conference, Oct, 2008. 
:)Amen. Thanks for sharing!I'm glad to see this. I missed the Sunday Morning session, so it's nice to 
be able to hear this from Youtube at least.The power of faith in the Lord Jesus Christ.What good advice!Was this from General Conference? And by the way, I subscribed to you :)Thanks for the great message!