i hope my show can get to that quality..... great show﻿Oh when her son started crying I lost it what a great mother﻿Love it! So inspiring!﻿I only watched this because I don't even have a good family :D Lucky you 
don't have a bad family like mines﻿i wish my family will be happy like that﻿<3﻿I was so glad to see a video like this. I am a single mom of triplets who 
are only in Kindergarten. I was also previously a single mom of two other 
children who are now 19 and 22 and on their own. My biggest problem for me 
is that I worry constantly that my younger children will not stay active in 
the Church and develop a wonderful testimony to the truthfulness of the 
Gospel of Jesus Christ, because they do not have a father who is involved, 
just like my older ones did not have, and they suffered so much from it - 
things I did not even realize were happening when they were. I grew up 
without a father, also, and only half of us stayed in the Church because of 
it. It is so hard sometimes for  children from broken families to feel on 
the same level with children in the church who come from intact families 
with a wonderful, worthy priesthood-holding father. Sometimes I feel 
terribly alone and I feel like I can't create something that doesn't exist 
- a family with a supportive, loving father, and I worry so much that my 
children are missing out on something vital. So, it is very encouraging to 
see a Mom in the Church with beautiful, loving children who seem so 
well-adjusted ( and some are even teenagers!). I hope and pray that my 
children will still be well-adjusted as teenagers and that each would marry 
a wonderful person who is not afraid to seriously date a young person from 
a broken family.  ﻿This is a beautiful Mom, who has always been capable of anything coming her 
way. She inspires me and I'm grateful she shared her story and for the 
lessons learned in her family dynamic. Thank you for sharing Connie! ♡﻿I love this :)﻿I love the background music! The last minute of the video What is the song 
called? ﻿Love this!!!!﻿Beautiful!﻿Aw this is beautiful! Such an inspiration <3﻿I'm a single mum of three - much younger than these kids but I struggle 
sometimes so it was unexpected and awesome that you showed a single mum﻿nice family﻿Very touching and insightful.﻿I absolutely love this Church and what it has done for me and my family and 
other families (through what I have witnessed) Thank you Lord for bringing 
the gospel into my life!!!!! 😄﻿Thanks Conni for sharing your family with us. I was a single mom for many 
years and I have awesome kids. Those years of being it just "US" brought us 
together more than I even ever thought it would have! You have a great 
family! Thank you for sharing your message with me/us. I needed to hear 
your message.﻿Logan was a good friend of mine before I moved away﻿beautiful video !﻿Exactly what I needed to hear tonight! Thanks for the great example, Conni!﻿Families come in all shapes and sizes....variety is the spice of life ﻿Sweetest little family ﻿I loved that you showed a single mom and how even though (unfortunately 
)the marriage didn't work out. That the children can still be super happy, 
successful and very close to their parent. Spending time together is so 
important. My daughter and I cook together all the time. ♡ Thank yoy for 
this short video. ﻿Where is the dad?....﻿This made my day! I was feeling so alone. Thank you! ﻿How inspiring!
﻿This is what the gospel does for families... I makes them happy.

And this single mom is doing a fantastic job. Excellent example. Thank you﻿Beautiful video! "Wholesome recreational activities!"﻿Such a Awesome Family:)﻿Great message!﻿It seems like the Mormon Church defines family with children. Why not do a 
video about couples without kids despite best efforts? Or those who are 
unmarried?﻿This is a great video! What an awesome family! Also, Conni looks like 
Gwyneth Paltrow!﻿