wow! tha was beautifuuuul!!!﻿0:55 開始畫面中那位金髮女孩，跟我的小女兒的現在，不論在面貌、身形、或年紀都有點像。 :)﻿I love it. AMAZING!!!!﻿Awesome for Sabbath day morning ﻿Heals d soul, calms d mynd.﻿Wow amazing . Com ﻿REMINDS ME OF MY CHOIR TIME DURING MY YOUNGER DAYS....HOPE ALL CHILDREN 
WILL SING WITH THE CHOIR...﻿Very touching!﻿I still have the sheet music for this (: loved being a part of this﻿HermosoSo lovely!Would you know who or how I can get this piece of music, the exact 
arrangement?Does anyone know where I can get this arrangement? Beautiful piece.10 devils voted down, that's it?Go Taylor!!! ;)Nice harmonyThese songs remind me of my childhood memories...ver touchingthis is beautiful i love it beautiful voices you can feel the spirit of 
jesus christ congradulations !!! keep up the great work What an amazing experience. Way to go. (:One of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard. I listen to it almost 
every day. The cello is magnificent. What an awesome message this medley 
has.I sang in this:) Such an amazing experience. I feel my beautiful Savior's 
love. so beautiful voiices!!!! it's so good hearing this song when u are alone 
and away from home...Beautiful is all i can say, i think they have said it all. well done :-)I love the cello! Especially playing the cello! Maybe someday soon I will 
be playing there... not likely though... I am too far from Utah :-(I wish all girls could know how much joy this kind of thing gives meI wish all young women could know the joy that this kind of thing gives a 
young man like me. All those shining faces and beautiful voices just gave 
me chills.which conference is this?Whoever put dislike, shame on you.!Hermosas voces y hermosas jovencitas! !Muchas Gracias!Beautiful cello :)LovelyQue lindo hino...me traz uma paz imensuravel! Perfect!How can you not thoroughly enjoy this?BeautifulWow, Thank you young women, leaders and parents for sacrificing time to 
practice and share this beautiful songWow, thank you young women!Steven sharp should be the one on the celloAwesome!Beautiful :)I saw all my friends!!! :D It was too bad I wasnt able to go...My ward 
didnt do it, I dont know why