am i aloud to bawl in this because i did﻿so sad i cried﻿Jesus is my lord﻿This made me cry so much
﻿The only problem I have with this video is who they depicted carrying 
Christ's cross. Simon from Cyrene was black, and not white. Other than 
that, I've very much enjoyed all of the new Bible videos.﻿There are actually an abundance of small little differences between the 
Isaiah in the Bible and the Isaiah quoted in the Book of Mormon. I would be 
far more worried if the Isaiah was exactly the same as it appeared in the 
Bible. I don't see how it being slightly different proves anything, if 
anything, the Book of Mormon helps clarify Isaiah. Isaiah lived around 700 
BC, the Book of Mormon started around 600. Isaiah's stuff was only 100 
years old at the time, much closer to the original writingsit is not actually a movie The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 
have been making these short videos depicting parts of the Savior, his life 
and ministry you can find more on the website itself : lds org hope that 
helps answer your question :)whats the name of movie ..plz any 1 canJesus is innocentThe scourging could be heard But not a cry, He made At Him cruel words were 
hurled To add to the pain they laid Jesus was scourged in a tortuous cage 
And a scarlet robe was thrown upon His back Then in the common hall He was 
put on stage Crowned with platted thorns and a reed for a staffThey bowed at the knee and hailed, "King of the Jews!" Mocking, they spit 
and smote the reed to His head Then, they sent Him off with His cross 
bearing His news Too painfully slow, it was carried by Cyrene instead They 
came to a place known to look like a skull And nailed Him to and lifted up 
the cross They gave Him vinegar sickly mingled with gall And parted His 
garments to cast them by lotsThen sitting below they watched Him in pain While others, spat out and 
reviled all He had said Mocking His powers as one mighty to save Till the 
ninth hour... He spoke. It was sacred.... He cried out a prayer to our 
Father above As He had been forsaken for our guilt That was more painful 
than we could ever dream of.... Then, He gave up the ghost as this pain was 
stilledOH MY LORD U DIED FOR SINThe book of mormon completely contradicts the teachings of jesus, and the 
bible, look at isaiah 3:6 and 7 then look at 2nd nephi chapter 13 verses 6 
and 7 where the bible says do the book of mormon says dont, what is this film called?I would have dièd for himthat moment when you see His face not His scars , that made me cry ..So Judas, what did you buy with your 30 pieces of silver?He is the only one i have i love him very much i would have died for himstop treating him like dirtNo Greater Love than this."And by his stripes we are healed."Lord of the Universe, i bowAnd he suffered all of this after the Garden of Gethsemane. :)Touching depiction of the crucifiction of Christ.I can not image the pain he endured for me. My Lord and Savior Jesus Christ 