I love the commandments. To keep them, let me feel secure, joyful and 
peaceful and I can live a good life here on earth. The commandments 
protects us against the evil in every form. And the more we try to keep 
them, the more we became power for the good! And GOD give's us the 
commandments because of HIs great love for us - HIS children..---﻿I pledge to keep God 10 commandments.﻿this really woke me up I hope﻿I have always enjoyed his wisdom and service he did do in his life time ,﻿Great resource, but the captions make it unusable by those who rely on that 
feature.﻿There are definite physical benefits from keeping all of the commandments, 
besides spiritual. So why not?﻿What a wise apostle and faithful servant of Jesus Christ. Elder Perry will 
be missed dearly. I love this Mormon Message and the truth it speaks.﻿I much loved this video!!! keep the commandments of Our God.﻿I love the way they display the layout of the ten commandments, I would 
LOVE to be able to get it framed and put it up on my wall. Does anyone know 
how or where I can find a good resolution picture of it??﻿Cool!!!﻿Moral absolutes
Will always exist
Christ-like attribute
Yield blessings promised!﻿"Inasmuch as ye shall keep my commandments ye shall prosper in the land..." 
A common statement found in scripture and a very present truth in our world 
today. We live in a time where the commandments have been broken down and 
rationalized away and where poverty and debt are growing without end.﻿This is a Truth that will never change.﻿This is true. God's commandments have always been the only way to true 
happiness, we must never forsake any of them.﻿You know what I find amazing is that science is always changing but god is 
the same yesterday today an forever. And the father of science (Charles 
Darwin) is kinda like Sherem from the book of Jacob in the Book of Mormon. 
Inspired by the devil and looking to destroy the word of god.﻿I love this Mormon channel.﻿So true. In a world of moral relativism, it's important to remember they 
there is a God, there are moral absolutes, and we can all have our own 
witness of this through his Spirit. Watch the video twice over--you can get 
even more out of it.﻿That talk by Prs Packard, hit the most truth of the real world and God's 
world where we need to be, just by living the 10 Commands, but we who are 
in his Church have much more.﻿Hmm. Daniel C Peterson challenged me to share this one.. I think I ought 
to. Very well done. ﻿Truth! ﻿Excellent about the ten commandments. It is uplifting and honest.﻿Time to take stock of what we all value.﻿This is a perfect summary of the truth: whether people believe the Plan of 
salvation or not, irregardless the commandments, God and The Plan are 
REALITY. I had a NDE in 2008. The LDS Church truly IS the Church of Jesus 
Christ!!﻿Very true﻿I appreciate this production.  The commandments are still important.﻿Muy bueno !!!﻿It is the truth. This dying world needs such reminders. The devil has taken 
us for granted. Let's wise up cuz the end is near. ﻿Thank you Lord Jesus Christ, as your Daughter, I remember to recognize your 
mighty hand in all Creation, Thank You Father!﻿That's cool!﻿Loved the way you improved this video. I believe it makes a lot more since 
now. ﻿Great video! ﻿i love this! :D﻿