This was great﻿God is making you wise Elder. What you are learning is invaluable!! 
Sometimes we cannot see what God is doing with us. The ideas we have for 
success are not always what the Lord has in mind. Remember he has an 
eternal perspective.﻿elder don't you beat yourself you are doing great work out there n the 
savior is so proud of you,we all went through hard time on missions,there 
 are no such things as easy mission it was hard for the savior at least we 
will feel a pinch of what he went through to save human kind,love.﻿emotionally moving... truly moving﻿that's remind me of how i use to go out with the missionary﻿Thank you Mormon Channel, this series is helping me become a stronger 
member missionary. I am crying along with Elder Nelson as he struggles and 
finds joy serving the Lord and the people of Cambodia.﻿I love watching these. My 3 boys are ages 6 and under so we're still in the 
little kid stage with lots of sibling fights over toys, etc. I loved 
watching these brothers grow up and realize we won't be in this phase 
forever. It made me realize that my boys have so much potential and a whole 
future ahead of them as adolescents and young adults. Helps me see the 
larger picture.﻿This is an amazing series! 
I love seeing how even in the most difficult of times on his mission, his 
faith and love for the Gospel shined through! 
He has an amazing family too!
﻿This series is so heart touching and inspiring. Thank you for these videos.﻿It is really sad that they use over a minute and a half before anything new 
starts. The vids are less than ten minutes, and to waste nearly two minutes 
of that is a sad waste of time. and they never show anything of the younger 
brothers.﻿This was such a thoughtful and loving series!  I could not stop watching 
till I had seen it completely through!   I love the sincerity of the boy 
clear till they became men!  Thanks to whoever filmed this all the way 
through.  I had hoped we could have met the other two younger brothers 
also.  I a currently serving an 18 month mission as a single sister in 
Rome, Italy.﻿We are so blessed to serve missions. . . I love my mission, South Carolina 
Columbia Mission !﻿