I just prayed for the first time in along time perhaps even years. I am 
currently having the same inner struggles that this man Rich Millar went 
through; the struggles of being cynical about religion and the thoughts of 
if you can't measure it, it mustn't be true, I've also had recently the 
like minded thoughts about if god exists then why does he allow suffering 
and disaster. I have surrounded myself for the most part with people with 
the similar beliefs of atheism or agnosticism. Although not being rich or 
exceptionally well off myself i'm already learning that money and material 
possessions though nice and comforting they do not bring true happiness. 
While I was praying I asked god that if he existed to give me a sign or 
some proof and this was the first thing I found. I am glad I found this 
video I truly hope that it wasn't purely coincidence.﻿This reminds me of my brother, around the age of 16 he questioned the 
gospel. He would always be late to church and would leave early. We prayed 
for him so much and tried to help him see God's for him. He asked these 
questions that no one could answer. We told him to pray and ask Heavenly 
Father these questions. He said that he did and he got no answer. My dad 
told him that Heavenly Father would answer his questions when the time was 
right, but he didn't want that. He told us he didn't want to serve a 
mission and that he didn't want to be a part of this gospel. He would 
listen to inappropriate music. My dad told him that he needed to get it 
together and go on a mission or he would kick him out of the house. Somehow 
he held on and managed to prepare to serve a mission. He still didn't want 
to but somehow he did. He has changed and is now serving in Tijuana, 
Mexico. He is now open to the gospel. I am so excited to Skype him today on 
Mother's Day. I love my brother so much and that he made the choice to 
serve a mission even though he really didn't want to go to Mexico. He is 
struggling with Spanish but we know that by the Grace of God he will learn 
Spanish and be able to teach the gospel to the people.﻿Heavenly Father, are you really there? And do you hear and answer every 
child's prayer?

Pray he is there. Speak he will listen. You are his child, his love now 
surrounds you﻿I can relate to this video so much :)﻿I relate with some of the things Rich felt and experienced. I lost my wife 
in the last few months, I am home taking care of two kids and I have no 
job. It's hard to have faith as thing get worse.﻿Really great video. I am glad to see that someone made it back to the 
religion. I, like this young man am currently struggling with faith issues. 
I would really like to stay in the religion, marry in the temple, raise a 
family with a beautiful and virtuous woman, however, there are times where 
things get really difficult. My mind gets filled with doubt and skepticism 
towards the Church, the Restoration, and the Book of Mormon. I have had 
powerful spiritual experiences in the past. That I cannot deny. Those 
moments were some of them most beautiful experiences of my life. However, 
the world would have me believe that such feelings were only emotions and 
not actual spiritual communication.

I want to believe. I want to raise my children in the faith, but I don't 
know how I can if I myself cannot testify to them that I know the Gospel is 
true. I don't know if any good mormon girl would want to marry someone like 
me who is weak in testimony, or if she did, I don't know if her parents 
would let her since they would probably consider me a liability. I don't 
know if I could endure such rejection, and I am afraid that if I 
experienced such rejection, I would lose all hope of having a mormon family 
and then simply seek companionship outside the Church. These are the really 
difficult issues that I am struggling with. I hope that Heavenly Father, if 
He really is there, will have mercy on me and reach out to me soon so that 
I can be strengthened and reminded of the great spiritual truths that I 
have learned in the past so that I can have as much conviction and 
spiritual strength as I did in my youth. ﻿To those who viewed and liked this video.  Would you have validated a 
similar video were the adherent to express returning to the belief of their 
upbringing such as Islam, Paganism, or non theism?  Or are your expressions 
of congratulations only relegated to portrayals of persons who return to 
the beliefs that you share?﻿Can the Mormon Channel make some of these from youth perspectives?? I think 
that would really give the youth hope and encouragement that there not 
alone. 
Thanks :)﻿I was left speechless, His explanations were almost the same ones I felt 
some time ago. This video really touched my heart.﻿This is a difficult subject and I am trying to figure this out myself.﻿I had and am having a similar experience.  I was having a hard time living 
the gospel fully, so I gave up.  It's been a hard road back, and my 
decisions have had serious consequences which make it even harder to live 
the gospel.  I won't give up, since a life without faith is not a life 
worth living.  Faith definitely matters in life.﻿Rich! Great video. Thanks for sharing.﻿Amazing story!  So many have had experience similar.  Thank you, Mormon 
Channel, for giving this to us!﻿Awesome God, awesome video, well done good and faithful servant.﻿So many share these feelings that it cannot be mere coincidence. I too have 
had doubts, having gone through trials so devastating it's a wonder I 
didn't just give up and take what to some would be the easy way out by 
taking my own life. My family is facing trials even now that would break 
the strongest, most can't fathom how terrifying and overwhelming the issues 
we face now really are. It's at these times, when God can seem so distant 
or in many cases to many people not even there, these are times we need Him 
the most. At each turn when things seemed darkest, when we've reached out 
for help, people often recoil and pull away not knowing how to help. 
Throughout all this there was one thing above all others that sustained us, 
kept us going, that one thing is love. Something as simple as someone 
calling to ask how we're doing, confirming there are those who care even 
though they don't have the answers, can be the difference between giving up 
completely or receiving that mustard seed of hope needed to sally forth. In 
all the darkness the world at large is experiencing in these days even that 
darkness can't stand in light of love. It can come from unexpected places 
and at times when the darkness gets so bad we don't see so much as the 
flicker of lit candle light the way. With all the four letter words often 
uttered during hardships, anger, frustrations, doubts and so on there is 
one four letter word, a polar opposite, that outshines the darkest curse 
word. That four letter word, the most powerful I know of in the English 
language, is LOVE! It saved life. It's the greatest commandment, trumping 
and expounding upon all others, that we love one another. For God loved the 
world he gave his only begotten son... so must we love each other to be 
able to endure. Faith and hope cannot exist without it, trust me I know. 
It's not just the word that has power, for I've been told God loves me 
during trying times and that alone was of little comfort. I've been told by 
some that they love me during dark times, yet they did not show me that 
love thus making the word itself powerless. For love to have power over 
darkness it must be expressed through deeds and actions and not just spoken 
as a four letter word. Showing love is the sharpest sword against the enemy 
we can wield, it must be used to be effective and not just concealed nor 
brandished.﻿This was really inspirational. A testament to God and Jesus Christ our 
savor!!﻿I once told a couple friends that a fish living outside a fish bowl is 
hurting itself, the same is said about those that live outside the gospel 
and don't want to keep the commandments, it is only hurting them in the 
end. We were all made before this life to follow God's commandments, this 
is how it is possible to feel a true sense of happiness, going against his 
commandments is against our nature, that is why we feel sorrow eventually 
if we don't adhere to God's standards.﻿Thank you for this video. I know so many whose life is right in the middle 
of this video and although I know they won't be watching this it reminds me 
that there is such a thing as the Lord's time.﻿I have a loved one going thru that. I pray he makes his way back. Thanks 
for the video!
﻿Thank you so much for this.﻿Brother Randall Ridd just gave a Worldwide Young Adult Devotional about 
living a deliberate, an intentional, and a purposeful life. Now here, just 
a few days later is this.  A young man that got a "glimpse of what I once 
was, and what I needed to become again." This is more than just 
coincidence.  Heavenly Father knows of the struggles of His children, and 
He knows what the answer to those struggles are. If our purpose in life is 
not to be focused on His Son, the Savior, and becoming like Christ is not 
happening, or there has been a sidetrack or deviation away from what one 
once knew to be the correct path, Heavenly Father is gonna do all He can to 
reclaim His children.  There is going to ample opportunity and the proper 
means of help and outreach to get everyone of them back.   ﻿Crazy to hear this when I am going through the exact same thing. Losing 
faith and the church to waking up to my son crying realizing what I once 
had and needed to have again. Maybe this was meant to happen because the 
women that I love is now becoming a member. All I do know is that he really 
is there... Listening to us and loves us. Sorry, great video felt the 
spirit strong with this﻿I absolutely completely love this! There is a God! I love how he says life 
is much easier seeming when you convince yourself there's not... no 
consequences, no reason to really choose the right. But there is! I know 
there is and I will never deny him! I'm so grateful I have his true and 
restored gospel in my life! It makes me who I am today and hopefully one 
day, much much more! ﻿Beautiful❤️﻿I'm not Mormon but have always had a deep respect for them. This video and 
so many of the other videos released by the Church have such a deep 
Christian resonance with me and I am sure so many others of differing 
denominations. Thank You so much! ﻿he is right! btdt and now have a wonderful  temple marriage and all the 
blessings I always wanted !﻿Finding and then re-finding Jesus has had an impact on my life so great I 
can not begin to describe to happiness.  I know now beyond any doubt, and 
no one can convince me otherwise, that God lives and he is here for us when 
we are really in need of Him. He does touch lives and comfort those whom 
need it, even if they are doubters . He also through the atonement, can 
bring you back to the path that leads to him, and have you start anew.  
Jesus will even break his own commandments to see we have the opportunity 
to live again with Him.﻿I'm glad that Rich devoted himself to a belief and practice that gives him 
purpose and happiness. For me, the LDS faith doesn't provide purpose and 
happiness, but it took a long time for me to explore alternative beliefs 
because I was so afraid of being deceived by Satan. We should all celebrate 
the happiness and meaning each other find in life. I don't believe in God 
for reasons and evidence I have thoughtfully considered, but I support 
those who find meaning in their belief in God.﻿Thank you for this. Very inspiring.﻿Very touching life story it reminds us our covenant made during our baptism 
our commitment to follow His commandments . If we fall along the way stand 
up or be repentat person . Heavenly Father lives us Jesus Christ is our 
savior and redeemer, The Holy Ghost is always there to guide us .﻿An inspiring experience I can relate to as a convert and now a member of 
the Church of Jesus Christ striving to endure to the end amid the 
occasional common doubts that enter ones mind from time to time. 

I know too God does live and life has a divine and glorious purpose and is 
the time to chose to return worthily to Him to dwell in eternal glory 
forever. ﻿good story but how true, sometimes it is harder to come back but we hope, 
thanks﻿Such a good video! :D﻿Nice powerful video! ﻿Thanks for sharing this ﻿Thanks for you example, bro. Clearly reminds me and many more that the 
opposite life of living the gospel, no matter what how enticing they may 
be, is NOT worth it. God will provide for all of our needs when the time is 
right.﻿This story helps me understand the patience God has for us.﻿Thank you - ﻿I have a couple of Sons who seem to be struggling like the young man in the 
video. Obviously, life is much more complex. I can only pray my sons find 
their way back like this young man. It definitely takes some effort to 
maintain a testimony. It is like exercise. It may be easier to stay 
Spiritually fit than to recover after becoming Spiritually "flabby". It may 
not be possible for some to "walk the straight and narrow". The young man 
in the video is incredibly lucky (blessed) he found his way back. Many, 
VERY many do not.﻿Thank you for sharing this! Your inspriation to have faith  helps me see 
where the lord wants us to be is the right place. I have tried to live with 
out Him and that's not a life at all.﻿Great stuff!  Good story!!﻿Thank You!﻿Thank you for this. Such a great reminder that we all are different but 
that Heavenly Father loves us all the same. ﻿Just what I needed.﻿