i cried .... why ? because i felt the spirit and i knew that these things 
were true , to the people who dislike this , i really dont get yous , yous 
either didnt feel the spirit or not a member , idk , but its okay thaanks 
brother packerWonderful words of inspiration. I'm in the Youth and these teachings are so 
helpful in my life.Amazing ManSigh.This important message rings so true within me. We must all strive to live 
by Elder Packards advice.I listern to this almost everyday and it's really a wonderful cure.I know that is great councel.The Plain and Precious Truth <3A message from Home. How it rings true and all the way thru me. How lucky 
we are to have Apostles to help us. All the best to you all. :DIndeed. It is the spirit that effects deep within, thus making us DO 
something to help change our lives and spread the positive feelings we 
inherit from the spirit. So I'd like to say, "very true my friend. Very 
true."The editing may help, but the message is the most important part of the 
video and it's why I love the video.I love President Packer and I know that if we do what the prophet and 
apostles counsel us to do in our youth, then we will always be happy and 
have nothing to fear!That is such great advice and I suggest we ALL take it because if it is 
coming from an Apostle of the Lord than that means it is coming from our 
Heavenly Father. 5/5I love it! Rating 5/5I think all of us need a reminder from time-to-time of how important our 
studies are. :)Great looking bunch of young people in the video.amm very niiceLOL I wondered the same thing. I guess I wasn't listening or was too 
distracted by certain things. Great to hear it now. I'm listening now and 
living now, so it's all good for me. Great advice for all ages.Simply amazingWhat a gift to have living apostles to give us pure teachings. We are 
blessed!How come they didn't have advice like this when I was growing up? Or was I 
just too proud and stupid to seek and hear it?LUVIN IT!Its because of all the nifty editing they do. Music/pictures and all.Thank you for this video. I love them. I wish to speack like them someday.same with me. i guess just because it is so long.This message is inspired, this helps us to be better people and make us 
know that we can be cleaned if we repentWhat a great message to share on your blog, facebook, or send by email."If you have been guilty of (anything unworthy), the power of Christ and 
His Atonement can clean you." I am living this truth and it is beautiful to 
come to Christ and work with Him on becoming clean again. It's possible I 
am living it. 'There is no sin so great, no trangression so vile, no 
rebellion so long that is exempt from a FULL and COMPLETE forgivness 
through proper repentance and the power of Jesus Christ's Atonement' - a 
paraphrase from one of Elder Packer's talks.wow. He's an amazing speaker!Elder Packer is the best.What a great message of hope and strength for all of us right now. Thank 
you, thank you.wonderful!!Thank You.Elder Packer is awesome. I love hearing him speak. The wisdom of the 
apostles is seemingly infinite. When I hear any of them speak it becaomes 
obvious why Heavenly Father chose them the teach us."the glory of God is intelligence" We strive to learn!WOW! this is the best, most powerful advice for my generation. thank you 
Elder Packer!Elder Packer always says it right and straight. Thank you for posting this.The pressure on youth to conform to society is so strong. I applaud all 
those who stand strong. It's amazing any of us survive the teenage years!LOVE IT! :)love it! thank you!really enjoying these videosAwesome! Thank you! :)thank you so much for the guidance. =]wonderful!This is awesome, great message for the youth of the world!These videos are such a wonderful inspiration. Thank you for sharing.THANK YOU :)nice very nice ;DThanks for this wonderful advice. :-)