I love this story.﻿Read the Scriptures for the second past :)﻿Oh no were is the rest of this story!!!﻿Is there a full version somewhere to watch this ﻿awesome video !﻿Pres. Monson said Let us, all of  us have the courage to defy the 
consensus, the courage to stand for principles.﻿It is very easy to stand with the crowd, but it takes courage to stand 
alone against the crowd.﻿where the 2 part :)?﻿Read the scriptures, there you will find part 2 where is part 2?What a great video! So well done! I was overwhelmed with the feelings that 
it portrayed! This is one of my favouritesi love Esther and all who stand up for GODS people Beautifullove these videos, but I wonder what kind of accents they're going for. 
hahaha.Remember the song 'In Perfect Faith'. Learnt it in YWs back in the 80s. 
Just sung that verse to my 7yr old girlEster, along with Mary, the mother of Jesus, Mary of Magdalene, Martha and 
Mary and Eve and my Mother are my heroes. brought a tear to my eyeThis is a beautiful story of a true woman of God in the scriptures. If you 
had not read the book of Ester in the Holy Bible, I would urge you to do 
so-she is an amazing woman with remarkable faith♥well, i guess it's our turn to open the scripture to continue the story.Oh man! I wish the rest of the story was there! Nothing like leaving us 
hanging!!! Guess i have to go read the rest.Nooooo! I know what happens, but I still want to watch it!Oh my gosh... CLIFF HAAAANGER!!!We are all here "for such a time as this." What is our own personal purpose 
in life? Something worth considering. May we be as brave as Queen Esther.hey anyone knows about the music video from this institute video, i saw the 
DVD and there is a video, a music video with this beautiful history, do yo 
know about it? anyone cuold tell me where can i find this music video?Im so glad to have these stories and more to learn from. And I also am glad 
that Father loves us so much to let us learn and to understand.please continue on....sUch gOOd actors betraying the story....Thank you for 
sharing :)Esther is always mentioned as a great example of integrity and courage. 
When I read the book of Esther, it didn't seem so miraculous that she went 
to the king and said "Hey, stop." This video helped me understand just how 
grave the situation really was. Thank you for illustrating more fully how 
Esther did in fact have a lot of courage.I have read the account,but wanted to see the entire version in video 
format,they should have filmed all the account..:-(@Pattybeetle I'm guessing this was used in an Institute lesson at the 
beginning of class and the rest was probably taught through a lesson.They are very smart to leave us wanting more of the story... it encourages 
us to turn to the actual text (scriptures) for the entire story, and this 
is a good thing:)@Ladybluewings01 unfortunatly, there's no part 2. yah, i wuz upset too.Woah! The guy that plays Haman is the same guy on The Book of Mormon Movie 
that tells Laban where Lehi is!shes hardcore, it is her and other women in the scriptures like her, that 
hold the same sence of devotion to, whatever it may b., serving thy god for 
rightiousnes of man thats awesome,is there a part 2 to this video???Very well done video, but it doesn't finish the story!Beautifully filmed and told, but I wanted to see even more! I have always 
loved the story of Esther. Well done!Seems to end rather abruptly, where is the rest of the story. Is there a 
part II?So where is teh next part/ Its not nice to post only part of such a good 
version!This is my favorite Biblical story... but the closed caption feature wasn't 
working... :(a very emotional inspiring video a marvelous and a spiritual enhancing 
videos:)Beautiful and moving telling! Esther gives me courage to continue on 
against darkness and the unknown.A great video. thank youIs there a second video that tells the rest of the story?This is a beautiful retelling of the story. Thank you! A cliffhanger? No! I mean sure, I know the story already, but I wanted to 
see the end! :-) Will there be more? 