You guys are amazing, Mark from cambodia﻿Welcome Cambodia!﻿These are great.  I was a missionary in Thailand and had very similar 
experiences to Elder Nelson.  He reminds me so much of my brother that 
served in South America and coincidentally also plays football at BYU.﻿I loved watching this, I'm mormon and my husband I served in the Peace 
Corps in Cambodia and met a lot of mormon missionaries. This made me miss 
Cambodia so much.﻿Los élderes son tan asombrosos, ellos refuerzan mi fe. Dios los bendiga 
ahora y siempre.﻿XD Cliffhanger again! I love watching these videos!﻿🌸If you are reading this, you are beautiful, and i hope you have a good 
day🌸﻿I can't wait for the next episode!! This is so addictive more than any TV 
programs that I have watched.﻿cool﻿When is episode 7 gonna come out?!?!﻿I can't wait for my son to do his service. ﻿I'm really loving this series! When are new episodes posted?﻿I couldn't help but cry along with elder Nelson as he tries to serve the 
people of Cambodia through very difficult times..the nail polish remover 
treatment was very funny!﻿Wow, and I thought my mission to Michigan was hard.﻿I went there and was called fat too , I went to teach english at a 
orphanage in siem reap and was called fat teacher hahaha but I didnt mind 
because they don't say it to be degrading they see it as being amazing and 
fascinating to have meat on your bones , I loved every minute of it﻿So inspiring. I want to be a Mormon too. :)﻿I feel like this had maybe 40 seconds of new footage, with everything else 
being what happened on the last episode and what will happen next :/﻿Ok... so now you've left us hanging...  God bless you for what you are 
doing.  And thank you for posting the video.  I can't wait for the next 
episode, Elder.﻿First, God bless these wonderfully dedicated brethren in Christ! Second, 
these films have inspired me to appreciate what each missionary does in 
order to bring the joy of the Gospel that changes so many lives for the 
good. Thanks for this project & this family! ﻿Ive seen this already where is ep 7?﻿Its awesome to see these. Reminds me of certain experiences on my mission. 
It's crazy to see the various types of struggles his mission had compared 
to mine. . . mission is the best, because how hard it was. . . ﻿Nice video.... It's not easy but I'm looking forward to mine﻿