i like this vid﻿<3﻿I LOVE IT!!!! your so nice. AND CUTE﻿Jared, I agree, I love how there is no language and judging in the 
comments. And this is an amazing story, it brought tears to my eyes.32 people did not watch the video. :(Are they a part of any Autistic community?Such a wonderful video. I love the perspective of the younger sibling, My 
older kids have a different view of their Autistic brother than their 
younger sister, and its been interesting to see the way they handle, and 
deal, and love. This is the SWEETEST thing EVER! I love it!!!! :)im so happy we have a youtube channel to watch these uplifting videos Autism doesn't mean you, notice nothing. It means you notice everything. I 
know because I have autism tooI love this video and the message it sends. I have shared it with many of 
my friends. Thanks I know this family. They are wonderful people, and Hyrum is a huge part of 
that.The zoo in this video is in Idaho Falls. I spent many a happy time at that 
penguin exhibitIts nice to read comments that don't have profanity, that are spelled right 
and have a feel good feeling. Thank you all. :) just Beautiful ;)Love the videoIs there a way I could get in touch with this family? I have a little 
brother (14) with autism, also named Hyrum. I want to introduce my parents 
to this family because I think they would be able to support each 
other--dealing with an autistic child (brother, son, etc.) is a blessing, 
but it can be difficult at times. Please let me know.This story touched me more than anyone can imagine. I am the eldest of 
five; I have a sister just younger than me named Hannah, and our only 
brother's name is Hyrum. He has autism, and he just turned fourteen. He is 
teased at school as well, and even in our ward at church there are parents 
who make critical comments about him and his behavior. But like Hannah in 
the video, I can see the love that my brother has for those around him. He 
is a precious child of God, and a blessing in my life.i use to be like Hyrum how i could not be able to talk and express my 
feelings to my mom and I would always go away from my mom but i would 
always find a way home.“When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can 
look up, you can get up.” GOD is ready and close than you imagine. enockThis is one of my favorite messages Because I understand.I watch these and am touched by the message. Then I see that people down 
vote these videos. I am so confused by why someone would do that other than 
to just be negative. Anyhow I love to listen to these while I work.I loved this video, they are so cute an example of love. and this is true, 
everyone deserves to be loved and valued, no matter how different they are 
from you.:) that touched me, i have a sister just like hyrum. and i love her so much i 
love you sister takel!!!!!!!! The joy of Love!! I Love this video! So cute and awesome.I teach special needs kids. This touched me so much. I long for the day 
when all of these sweet wonderful kids can express themselves and tell us 
about their lives. Thank you for this nice video.AWESOME!!! The joy of Love , You can feel it, Now Share It.. Even if your 
rejected, remember our brother was rejected by men and he overcame and 
taught We can do even greater work's, Hyram Has what he need's in his 
loving Family.. Love pass it on!!!Best part: "I want to be... like Jesus. Don't you?"Hyrum you are a blessing to your family. Tnx for uploading this video. Made 
me want to love my brother and sister even more :)I love this video!!! make me fell happy, because a can feel the spirit and 
think how can I help the people arround me!!1 Thank´s Lord!! I want to be 
like Jesus don´t you? =) So sweet,praise the lord. To those who made this video Thank you..it was not until my child was 
nearly grown we learned about her Autism & Other thongs. She has awaus had 
trouble fitting in, we did nit even know so we just raised her like the 
rest. She talks , functions reads very well, and is trying to live as an 
Adult. Not easy but the Lord ha helped.My 12 year old is this way with his little brother who has Autism. The love 
siblings have is just remarkable. Watching my son try to reach into the 
other's world, is a measure beyond words. Heavenly Father provided these 
kids with the best love possible... in a sibling that happens to be their 
best friend. Thank you for this video, both my 12 year old and myself were 
in tears. Another beautiful testimony "Difficult Questions that every LDS Mormon 
needs to answer" - may Jesus bless youdude i have seen this 37 times I to also have Autism thank you for doing 
this this also helps as a mom to three kids one being autistic...i loved this message of just 
absolute love....I know he loves me and I love him and thats all that 
matters. So close to my heart :-) love this video :-)I enjoyed this very much. I have aspbergers syndrome. This is an amazing 
example of how those who deal with this should be treated.May we all follow Hannah's wonderful ad monition and listen to the words of 
a prophet of God.If you don't walk as most people do, Some people walk away from you, But I 
won't! I won't! If you don't talk as most people do, Some people talk and 
laugh at you, But I won't! I won't! I'll walk with you. I'll talk with you. 
That's how I'll show my love for you. Jesus walked away from none. He gave 
his love to ev'ryone. So I will! I will! ... I'll walk with you. I'll talk 
with you. That's how I'll show my love for you. (Children's Songbook pg. 
140)Thank you Hannah for teaching us that we are all children of a loving 
heavenly father. This warmed my heart! Thank you, beautiful Hannah. :)I love this..My story is a little similar. I have epilepsy, but I had symptoms 
associated with Autism and Aspergers Syndrome until I was 15, so I've lived 
both worlds. I now live a mostly normal life, but I completely understand 
Hyrum, and how he feels. People with Autism and Aspergers have such a huge 
heart! They know they're not normal, and anxiously wish they could be. But 
the Lord is always with them, for they are His. We are so blessed to have 
people like him in this world!that was great to watch thanks for sharing this Hyrum & Hannah be strong ;)These are the ones who have a foothold on both sides of the veil. We love 
you Hyrum and Hannah!This totally describes my life. My older brother is also autistic. This 
little girl has a long road ahead of her. The bullying at school never gets 
any better and people will never fully understand your brother. Hannah is 
amazing to love her brother so much and b his friend. Sometimes you will be 
his only friend.Hannah, I want to be like Jesus too. Thank you. Hyrum is blessed to have 
you for a sister and best friend. THIS IS SO TOUCHING. I HAVE A NEPHEW AND ONLY WISH THAT OTHERS WOULD TRY TO 
BE AS INNOCENT AND KIND AS THIS LITTLE "ANGEL"!Truly inspiring from the lips of a child. I LOVED this video!!! I have a son who has autism, my wife and I have been taking classes on 
autism, we have learned to have much patience and a lot of extra love with 
him. The video is awesom.From the mouths of babes.What an amazing little girl.You must have been thinking about me, cause i have kids with autisum. And i 
love them dearly and wouldn't trade them for nothing.Hermos...Seriously, this was an awesome video. Thank you for this lovely video with a wonderful messageI love this! I thoroughly enjoyed having Hyrum in my class last year! He is 
an amazing little boy!Such an excellent story! Thank you!Amen beautiful my nephew has autism god bless you for making this video!This probably just made my month!I watched Hyrum at least ten times and it brought tears to my eyes each 
time, Hyrum reminded me of my grandson Mark who acts exactly the same but 
Mark can speak. I am an ex truck driver who doesn't cry very often. Thank 
youThis made me cry... I am father of two boys, the oldest also has autism. I 
hope his little brother feels the same about his big brother too.My 8 year son is on the Autism Spectrum. I am so glad he has a brother like 
Hannah to be his best friend. If you want to learn more about him: 
tinyurl[dot]com/CommunityReviewThat was really sweet. Thank you.Precious!That little girl was so adorable.WOOO!! That was an explosion of tenderness and cuteness altogether <3I've been having a hard time. I've struggled with easy things like 
homework. I know why, but I can't share it with anyone else. This has 
comforted me in my trials. Thank you.Love this video! Thank you for sharing Hyrum and Hannah with our family. 
It's true that many of us really don't understand those with autism. We 
loved hearing Hannah's perspective; what a great sister she is.I am also a sibling to a brother with autism. This is very well done and a 
great message about loving EVERYONE regardless of our differences. Thanks, 
Mormon Channel, for posting such a great message.This hit me hard when i saw this, im going to treat my brother alot better 
than i have been.This is so cute