hey president clayton! : )﻿This is beautiful, no extras, is all that is really needed, Jesus.
Thank you.
﻿I know He lives and I am so very, very grateful!﻿Does anyone happen to know what is the name of the music that is playing in 
the background of this video? ﻿This is one of the most lovely videos I have ever watched. Have you been able to go to a church service yet? You can always have that 
peace with you, even during hard times, and missionaries can help teach you 
about that peace.I was just watching this this Easter and i came accross your comment. I 
have no idea if you are already a member or if you pay attention to this, 
however, i would love to talk to you about the Book Of Mormon. I am a 
convert myself and I know firsthand the change it can bring about in a 
person and how amazing and true this Church is. If you want to talk, let me 
know in a reply and I will get back to you. Can anyone tell me what music is in this video? Thanks.Beautiful!!!! These are great things done by the LDS Church.this is really beautiful thxWhat's the name of the song?This video is something that I watch all year round, not just for Easter. 
Thank you! What is the song playing in the back ground?@The Toontownprincess - Did you find the answers you were looking for? I'm 
seeing this comment a year later. If you would like to learn more about the 
Book of Mormon, you can order a free copy on mormon.org. If you have 
questions, email me, no joke! sydalese@byu.net. I really can't encourage 
you enough to act on what you were feeling a year ago. This church means 
the world to me - I have been able to get to know the Savior more than 
ever. Best wishes to you and anyone else reading this.Nice...I am a christian and I absolutely love this video. It gives me chills. 
Thank you so much, I needed this.His Sacred Name - An Easter Declaration Is a Brilliant film Be proud of it 
Christina Lots of Love George O'Neill You can download Mormon Messages and other content on the Mormon Channel 
website or on our page in the iTunes store.You can download this video from the Mormon Channel website. Go to Videos > 
Mormon Messages. There is an arrow button under each video that allows you 
to download.Jesus lives! He is our savior. Thomas Monson is a living prophet today. 
What a wonderful video that reminds us of Jesus' sacrifice.@fluffythecat2 I could not have said it better!!@Tifflee24 im trying to do the same. cant figure it outTake your laptop and ask your bishop for the password to the Wifi. If not 
you should be able to download it from the church websiteAmazing!!! Christ lives and He knows and loves all of us He is aware of us always and 
I believe in Him and God the Eternal Father forever even in his sacred name 
I declare He lives and the stories of Christ are true and the Book Of 
Mormon is true I testify in the name of Jesus Christ Amen.This is so powerful! Does anyone know how I can download it so that I can 
play it at church?What a wonderful testimony, former day, and latterday testimony of a Living 
Apostle. I know The Lord lives and loves us. I believe He remits sins with 
every testimony borne or said, and I declare mine as well. I pray He may 
lift us all, Heal and me as well, as He has many many times. He is risen 
and does not have to suffer for our sins any more, but the price is paid as 
though He did over and over. I hope heJesus the Christ is risen! He has burst the prison! Let the whole wide 
world rejoice! Let us shout it with our hearts & our voices! Thanks be for 
the blessing of our Savior & His infinite Atonement!So powerfulmormon.org is a good resource.I know what you mean... I felt the same way before joining the lds church, 
I hope you can find happiness and the answers you are looking for@TheToontownprincess Also, if you think the Holy Spirit is telling you to 
attend one our services, ask God to know if you should. :) I'm sure it is 
His Spirit.@TheToontownprincess Hello. I am a member of the lds church. :) Basically, 
The Book of Mormon is an account of many ancient prophets. There are even 
references made to Isaiah from the Old Testament by some of these prophets. 
We, the lds people, believe and claim to know that this book is another 
testament of Jesus Christ. There is even the account of Jesus appearing to 
the people in the America's just after His Resurrection. I strongly believe 
that this book is scripture. message 4 more info?@TheToontownprincess I don't know if anybody has messaged you or not, but I 
thought I'd give you a brief (very brief) understanding. Basically, it is 
another testament of Jesus Christ, and an account of the of Lehi, a man who 
fled Jerusalem at the direction of God, at about the time Jeremiah was 
prophet in the Old Testament. What follows in the BOM is an account of 
prophets, and a record of the people as they traveled through wilderness 
and across the sea to the promised land, which is believedI am a disciple of Jesus Christ because He lives. The world must know it! 
The world will know it.this brings me so much peaceSurely this video was made by a non-christian cult! What an inspiring video 
of Jesus Christ, the savior of the world. Proud to be mormon and christian!i had a girl who sat right next to me in class commit suicide this last 
may... I watched this video numberless times after that happenned... being 
moved by the spirit to attend her funeral i went up to her lifeless body 
and i promised her her work in the house of the lord would be done. I don't 
think i have heard more comforting words from a prophet of god then when he 
said, "to all within the sound of my voice if a man die he shall live 
again!" i need some answers. every time i watch a video about mormons i feel a 
scene of peace in me. i am a mainstream christian and im not sure how i 
feel. i feel like maybe the holly spirit is telling me to go listen to a 
serivce at my local lds church and tell my parents. can someone explain 
about the book of mormon please thank you. god blessIt makes me sad that there are people in this world that have so much 
hatred in their hearts that they would dislike such a wonderful testament 
to our Savior. I hope they find their way some day.We need to always remember the great sacrifice that He made for us...and 
pray for the 42 that don't agree...I am so grateful for the Savior Jesus Christ. I was lost in my life, ready 
to give up. He rescued me when i did not want him in my life. I hope that i 
can to come to others rescue as Christ did to mine. I will never be able to 
repay Jesus for what he did for me. I cant wait to kneel at his feet and 
tell him how much he means to me. Every quote was from the New Testament. We are Christians!@cuidadodelcocodrilo I believe below somewhere it was mentioned that it was 
from composer Robert Allen Elliott (written specifically for this film.)I am so thankful to be a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day 
Saints the fullness of the gospel fo Christ in these last days preparatory 
to His second coming. For the truth about our beliefs go to lds dot org.I also want to know about this music. I was unable to "Shazam" the music to 
identify it. Does anyone know where this music comes from/ what it's called 
etc.? Thank you... HE IS RISEN! This is beautiful and so meaningful...The music on this is incredible, does anyone know where it comes from/what 
it's called?What is the song in the background called??? It is beyond beautiful and 
perfect for the message.Thank you. This is the core of the gospel message. It made me want to do 
better today.Beautiful! Regardless of belief, this is a message for all Christians, for 
all people. Jesus Christ lives! I know my Savior lives! Beautiful. And true. Thanks. He Lives. He is not here, for he is risen Love this video.... @TheyCallMeDaBomb He is!!! I miss him too. I watch his talks online. BYU 
find a talk!!!!Reminds of my time in Jerusalem walking where Jesus walked. Wishing a 
blessed Easter to all!This warms my heart! And the music behind the video just adds to the 
feeling of the Spirit. Beautiful.With all the excitement about Easter eggs and bunnies hopping around it is 
so refreshing to stop for a minute and reflect on the true significance of 
this Easter weekend. What great love our Savior has for each of us that He 
would lay down His life that we might live again. He lives! He is Risen! 
Now that is something to really get excited about.Jesus is lord and god the true lifeWe are blessed her in Boise. We are getting another Temple. How wonderful! 
Thank you for posting this. These are mighty gifts and powerful messages.This is one of the best videos yet. Love the simplicity - with the key 
words - the music & no talking until the very end ... with it very short, 
sweet & to the point! Well done. This is beautiful indeed.Wonderful! I like this video! I wish that president gordan b. hinkley was still alivei cant wait till the atlanta temple dedication(:Amen. even at work... listening to this on the side... it really hits me.. THANKS 
Pres Monson!!He overcame ALL things.@logues85 - this was composed by Robert Allen Elliott.I loved how simple and straight forward this message was! I loved the 
visuals especially the "he kept his peace" photo...that really choked me 
up! Nicely done!where can i find this music track? The best video!!! :)I hope everyone would understand this feeling. this is absolutely beautiful. I got chills and tears in my eyes. Thank you 
for posting this.It's always good to be reminded...thankful for my Saviour, its a blessing 
to feel its true.beautiful. who composed the music for it? Amen.The tomb is empty and thus my life is full. How I love Him ! And revere 
Him. I strive to do His will and fail all too often. But He picks me up, 
dusts me off, and helps me try again. Surely He is the God of Love. For He 
has borne my sorrows, my sins, and my grief. I invite you, all of you, to 
come unto Him and enjoy His peace, His calmness in the midst of chaos and 
sorrow, and the warmth of His love. Bend your knees and seek Him out. You 
will feel His cleansing power. He IS risen. Thank the Lord he is risen. That he has freed us from physical and 
spiritual death. I gladly welcome his atonement and will try my best to 
follow all his commandments though I am imperfect.Wow. This has really focused me into 'preparing' for a memorable Easter 
Celebration. Thank you so much for putting this together. A new 'favorite'.Thank you for this video and the message it shares so eloquently. Jesus is The Christawesome Awesome!