@YarbroK Why do you believe that Mormons fear differences? I am a graduate 
student in Physics. Just in the little congregation I go to church at, 
there are people from a wide variety of ethnic, educational, and social 
backgrounds. There is a great deal of love and care in our branch for 
everyone from the university professor who is a leader in his field to the 
man who used to be homeless. I'm a Mormon, I know lots of Mormons, and I 
assert that neither I nor they fear differences.@MrAlanarns This text perfectly parallels the answer Christ gave the 
Sadducees yet gives the larger context. In the specific New Testament case 
presented by the Sadducees, no priesthood covenant or sealing accompanied 
these multiple marriages, thereby making them void at death.@YarbroK I've met plenty of DIFFERENT Mormons with VERY different opinions 
about many things from politics to fashion to philosophy. Maybe you feel 
that because the Lord set the same standard of modesty and morality to all 
the members of the church whether they are young or old. If you actually to 
our Sunday School classes or visit an institute class, you can witness how 
many different point of views people have. The girls in that group were 
mainly from a similar demographic, no need generalize. i absolutely LOVE this!!! If you have questions about the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints, go to mormon.org and you will be able to ask a 
member yourself! :) I believe this Church is true. No one had to tell me... 
i found out for myself throgh study and prayer. It's real. It's true. I am 
not perfect,but I keep trying to be virtuous and i keep praying, because I 
need my savior to hep he overcome my imperfections. He has ALWAYS been 
there for me. So I stay true to Him.Notice that they don't praise the girls of simply who they are. And noticed 
they dress almost the same and not allow differences of opinon or ideas or 
concepts. And noticed the uploader does not allow us to speak or even vote 
how others feel. Because Mormons fear differences. If not, you will allow 
this message to go through.Why does the Mormon Church teach that we can be married in heaven when 
Jesus said in Matthew 22:30 that in the resurrection men neither marry, nor 
are they given in marriage? she taught the doctrine, that is what changes lives and prepares them for 
the future.I love seeing so many wonderful girls wearing a Young Women's Medallion.