I'm crying and I CANT STOP﻿Christ loved little children. He cried his eyes out before and after 
blessing the children of the Nephites.﻿reminds me of Jesus' visit in 3 Nephi after his resurrection, blessing the 
children followed by the angels coming﻿Amen!!!﻿its kind of a shame that so many children are suffering right now, every 
day...hundreds of thousands of them...millions over the centuries...﻿My lord my savior, the son of God I trust in you as a child.﻿Tears of joy﻿This is a beautiful video and a wonderful message.
When we live the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ we will have the 
testimony on our hearts that he lives. ﻿♡﻿My goodness, the music too! Somebody please tell me the name of the music!Receive children Into your heart They're of Heaven Love will impartHe lives testimonies of Jesus ChristRead the Book Of Mormon and also go to mormon.org and I promise you that 
your feelings will grow 1000 fold. This is so beautiful!!!Hey even if I am not a Mormon, these videos still make me in peace because 
God is with us all. Keep making great videos, they are motivation to all of 
us... READING no WATCHING Bible is very interesting and touching. :)trueYes KJVYes KJVWow, I just realized that this is the secret to gain eternal life, to be a 
child, humble and submissive to accept Christ as our savior setting aside 
all doubts and fears but believing and having faith. Obeying all of his 
commandments, doing as He did and submitting to the will of our Father 
which is in heaven. I guess this is the most hardest thing that all of us 
face, whether we live by our faith or we live on our own...Yes.So beautiful! The whole world needs to see this!at 2:22 made me think of the recent General Conference where President 
Monson talked to the little boy for a minute and held his hand.Seamos como ninos pequenitos para poder mirar el reino del Padre Celestial.YesYes, sir.Thank you god for sending your son jesus christ to die on the cross for our 
sins. Though we dont deserve it, but you loved us so much by the grace of 
jesus christ that we can see heaven.Blessed Children that knew the Savior and received His blessing. I AM A HAPPY, HAPPY MORMON! That is beautiful.I love my Jesus <3Great Video Mormon's sure do make the best Christ videos. Thanks so much!Thank you. I love feeling the Spirit first thing in the morning! :)It's impossible not to be overwhelmed by these videos, especially this one. 