It would be cool if this was the same island that was featured in " The 
Other Side of Heaven"﻿I saw it in school WOW😮﻿I saw this on school when I was a kid...twice in one day. ﻿What a beautiful message! ! It's so wonderful that her husband saw the 
beauty within! !! How wonderful! ! My husband and I cry at this movie! ! We 
see in each other what's most important. Always see in each other what's 
most important! !﻿I luv this movie
﻿I love the moral of this story.  ﻿By far my all time favorite. Reminds me of the temple and all the visits 
I've made there...sitting and waiting to perform ordinances. ﻿My favorite movie.  The message is clear. 

I am taken back to my youth when I knew an elderly couple.  When they were 
married they left their wedding feast and left on a canoe for their 
honeymoon on a small island off shore.  Though they past beyond the clouds 
while I was still in my youth they remind me of what love is.  This 
memory and the memory of my heroes, my Dad and Mom, remind me of how life 
should be.﻿Really loves this movie..it makes sense..lol﻿It might be pms, but this movie made me tear up :( I pray every day for a 
man who will love and honor me like that. So sweet.This story has a very good lesson to it. I think it's my favorite story of 
allI remember reading the original story in one of my mom's magazines. I was 
always impressed by it. Johnny Lingo wanted his wife to know she was 
valued. As he put it, he wanted an eight cow wife. It's a good lesson for 
all men.I was a school teacher and counselor for 15 years and often used this movie 
in class to have a discussion about self esteem. It was always well 
received, even by kids who were a bit more sophisticated than others. The 
story line is simple enough that even elementary children could understand 
it but I also used it with high school students who may have laughed at the 
characters in the film but they got the meaning and found it a good lesson. its never was about buying the woman but about setting up relations between 
familiesI remember watching this in my 7th grade English class. 17 years later I 
still think about this film. Wonder if the mormons raised his tithes for having an 8 cow wife? its funny how different some cultures are being called a 8 cow wife over 
there might be such a great thing but if you say that to any women anywhere 
else your likely going to get slapped lolHer dad is no Prince Charming either haha :)YOU CHEAT THEM! It's worth TEN cows xD!!!!I am related to Mr HarrisWatched it for the first time time today with a friend. 30 or so years 
after it was made, it still cares a powerful message. Please consider when this was made and the Island customs it portrays 
before judging it by today's standards. I thought it was a beautiful 
commentary on how a person can change with love and encouragement. She was 
treated as unworthy by her father and the village because of it, but loved 
by a man who "showed" the whole population that she was very precious. Like 
our Savior and Elder Brother, Jesus, did for each and every one of us when 
He died for us.so many scenes close to my campus, love byu hawaii I have always loved this movie. Growing up we would go to the visitors 
centre to watch it. I give it eight cows. yup, it's an awesome film:) If you look at it in context, i.e., as part of a culture that was, it is 
not offensive. Are you offended by other period pieces as well? Stop being 
so politically correct and enjoy the movie and the message! I would have loved to been the editor for this movie. "Eight cows." Blaring 
music, jaw drop, jaw drop, jaw drop, "EIGHT COWS." Good stuff. xD This is 
cute.When are you going to post The Mail Box, or uncle Ben. Their are so many 
older films that are kids could learn from.I love this movie. I grew up on these old movies. One of my many inlaws 
drew ten cow for my sister. So now she is a ten cow wife. That is how much 
my family and I love this movie.The man who played Mr Harris was Lorenzo Snow in The Window Of Heaven ! i need it in spanish , and all movies in spanish too. This movie brings a smile to my face and brings me back to my childhood. I am very encouraged and inspired by this story -Coach Gettight This was on reel to reel when I was young, love the message in the story!!! 
Goes to show where the Lord looks at each of us -- on the heart!!!! As a 
man (or woman) thinketh in his (or her) heart, so is he (or she)!!! Love is 
powerful as is self-image!!!!!!!! Enjoy this one with your children, it's 
awesome and timeless!!!While the message about self-worth and all is nice, I believe the dislikes 
relate to the part about women being property on the level of livestock. 
Frankly that is so profoundly dated and offensive it ruins that it sort of 
ruins it for me. This movie is why I first wanted to marry a modern Jonny Lingo xD Mormons 
ftw!I Love this video SO much. Apparently I am of the last generation to have 
seen this in Sunday school. A few younger than I have, but for the most 
part those under 21 now (I being 23) have almost no idea what it is. So 
sad. I remeber my sunday school class didn't have a teacher for 4 weeks and 
every single Sunday. We watched THIS. Had it all memorized. LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!!!  @ 5:00. You're welcome.I love this!!!Give it to us in 1080p! :PGreat after church moviewhile serving a mission in Guatemala this film moved many hearts, mainly 
mine That was absolutely beautiful. I first saw this when I was fourteen. I 
loved it then and I love it now for the moral lesson it imparts. Thanks so 
much for posting this.This is a fun movie to watch in SeminaryJohnny Lingo: The only movie that can make buying a wife become one of the 
most romantic things ever xDI've always adored this movie. The trivia tidbits are great! 5:02 hahahI had to come after seeing Barry the Mormon Computer playing this. :P3 cows hahahahahHA that's too low 8 cows everybody goes quietMy favorite story ever! :-) Haven't seen it in at least 15 years. Such a 
good way to end my night. I will definitely be sharing this with others.how is "Mahana you ugly" not the top voted comment?Johnny loves Mahana!! I love the gossiping ladies. They make me giggle. "I'm a four cow wife, 
myself." "Really? My husband paid five cows for me." XDJohnny Lingo= the epitome of manhood. Mohana you ugly.como recuerdo aquellos dias cuando la vi por primera vez genialWOW... I remember this video from soooo long ago. I saw it in 8mm film 
strip, lol. Great memories.remind me when I first watched it with my friends :))) thank you for 
sharing :))Great...now I have to raise cattle in order to court!! ;)We used to watch this after baptisms for the dead. Oh, I so wanted to be an 
8 cow wife.this has been on my mind for the last few weeks. Glad I found it here; 
thanks for posting it's full lengthi have loved this story ever since i first seen it some 23 years ago in 
college. such a awesome moralShut up! JOHNNY LINGO!!!! LOVE IT! AH, classic seminary goodness.... Always loved this movie! Thanks for sharing!an ultimate classic film like "the phone call" and "cipher in the snow"!!OH MY. Johnny Lingo is on YouTube. This is the happiest day ever. Thank you 
for uploading! I love this movie ! I want the soundtrack!I like the moral of this story.Awesome Film!Awesome, the entire Johnny Lingo :). A classic.Classic! Glad to finally see this available on YouTube. Wish it was in HD!