I love Leo Tolstoy﻿so touching ...﻿This made cry so hard and so powerful 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂﻿Humbling and beautiful! ﻿Leo Tolstoy; Huh??
Intereesting﻿Me gusto﻿Thank you for these inspirational videos.  I love my Lord Jesus for 
suffering and dying for me, an undeserving sinner!  But I know I will rise 
again because He has risen!  He is so awesome!!  I can't wait to be in His 
Kingdom!﻿A beautiful touching video, a great life story.﻿Grand Paw Jones recorded this as the "Christmas Guest." His version credits 
Jones as the author.﻿<3﻿Is this video in Spanish?﻿This world would be a wonderful world if everybody could do the same like 
the Old Shoemaker.
Compassion, charity, love, understanding, forgiving, is well illustrated on 
this video. ﻿Scout Slogan, "Do a good turn daily". I shared this video the the 
priesthood quorum as I challenged them to Do A Good Turn Daily. 
Jet, Scoutmaster troop 733: Arlington 4th Ward﻿Beautiful!!! The Lord speaks to us in dreams, and we certainly are in the 
service of our God when we help those around us <3﻿I love this video because it shows you too be kind to everyone.﻿beautiful story!﻿We can see that this is a beautiful Illustration of charity, this is what 
the Lord requires from each one of us. 
I fell happy when I have the opportunity to help somebody in need. ﻿I love my children.  I see their faces when I close my eyes.  I see the 
Savior in each one. How grateful I am for this truly great video so well 
done and professionally produced.﻿A very good video for Christmas.﻿Beautiful story I'm so happy to be mormon Merry Christmas﻿Great Story!﻿buenos comentarios es lo que me agrada oir amen.﻿I love the animation in this video. Beautiful.﻿This video has truly been a blessing! Thank you!﻿I love it!!! :)﻿I want to find this actual story in print complete with the pictures﻿So amazing I love this video so much.﻿Beautiful :)﻿Hopefully, this beautiful message touched the hearts of even the most hard 
core criminals:  and made a huge difference in their lives, too. I loved 
this video so much, to the point of tears; and caused me to want to repent 
even more of doing wrong.   I sincerely hope that everyone has a very merry 
and safe Christmas, and a happy and safe New Year! And may everyone 
everywhere have happy and successful lives.﻿Hello everyone!!! My family and I are struggling tremendously. We are in 
desperate need of even food. 






Here's a link to help us. Anything helps. Love you guys so much!!! 
http://www.gofundme.com/j0xt7g﻿When we are in the service of others 
We're at the service of jesus 

Its something simple easy to understand but
When im a bad boy i dont understand it 
Becomes difficult ﻿loved it.﻿that made me teary eye ;)﻿I've seen that there are opportunities all around us to serve our neighbors 
come closer to the Savior. Had Martin not been looking out the window he 
would have missed all of those chances. Faith is found in thinking of and 
serving others.﻿Are the illustrations from a children's book? They are beautiful, and I may 
be interested in getting the book!﻿This classic story by Leo Tolstoy will warm your heart.﻿Wonderful story!﻿I love this! :')﻿makes me want to be a better person﻿This inspires me to be a better person. ﻿Great video watched with my 7 year old son who said "wow dad that was a 
great video I want to watch another one just like that one!"﻿I loved it! My little sister showed no interest, but I stuck to this video. 
It is a very great lesson.﻿So powerful. Thank you!﻿Weeping, such a beautiful video.﻿