Männerchor﻿beautiful song my God bless YOU all﻿Ahh.
tears of true love.
Thanks for Such a wonderful Weekend﻿i miss my church﻿What a Choir!﻿The song was my spiritual anthem during my time in prison and still is in 
times of trouble. After all problems bring us close to God. Thank you﻿I dont believe in god
But I cried so hard﻿That's a beautiful song especially when they played it in the titanic 
that's the part what almost made me cry﻿May you always keep seeking the Word. As evil increases in the world, there 
is a compensatory spiritual power for the righteous. As the world slides 
from its spiritual moorings, the Lord prepares the way for those who seek 
Him, offering them greater assurance, greater confirmation, and greater 
confidence in the spiritual direction they are traveling. The gift of the 
Holy Ghost becomes a brighter light in the emerging twilight.﻿Where can I download this version?????﻿Very beautiful!  What a beautiful Spirit this song invites.﻿Great job singing this beautiful song!﻿Wonderful... Thank you dear Mormon Choir! Greetings from South Africa.﻿Thank you my God for not letting me go. In those darkest moments when i did 
not even remember you. But my remaining days will be lived not in vain. 
Teach me to be nearer to Thee!﻿I feel teers while hearing the song. Its so peaceful to hear.﻿beautiful﻿No cabe duda que para conseguir la perfección en un coro tan numeroso tiene 
que haber muchísimas horas de trabajo, pero sí que lo han logrado, 
enhorabuena, precioso, magnífico.﻿me recuerda que dios esta siempre seca de nosotros y como familia ANDRADE 
PARRADO  yo y mi esposa tenemos una meta este y el próximo año de SELLARNOS 
EN EL TEMPLO en nombre de DIOS amen...........﻿Please watch General Conference this Sunday & receive answers to your 
questions as u listen with the spirit, and they teach by the spirit! 
https://www.lds.org/general-conference/prepare-for?cid=HP_MO_3-30-2015_dPTH_fGC_xLIDyL2-6_&lang=eng
﻿Very nice!!!﻿Wonderful! ﻿Indeed its a blessing song..keep drawing me close to the Lord till I win 
this race en see my mum again..brothers en sisters lets make sure our names 
are written in that book of life.﻿This song reminds me of my Dad who was a veteran hymn singer though in our 
African local tripe language.I'm surprised he got the tune right.﻿Is there any way to find out the exact arranger name or publisher of this 
arrangement? I play for a men's chorus, and would like to use this exact 
arrangement, not the many others that are available. ﻿My great grandmother sung this song right before she died. She had a strong 
testimony. I wish I knew more about her. ﻿アーメン﻿this song gets me emotional..reminds me of the great moments I shared with 
my late bestfriend...soulmate.....sister....my everything. I miss youTaita﻿Thank You for the Musik﻿anyone who sings those words is a good person in my books.﻿I love the way they don't play up to the camera - no display of emotion or 
attention seeking, they just sing the hymn and the glory goes to God.  A 
wonderful change.﻿For my big brother﻿does anyone know the main Occasion of writing this nice song ? ﻿What a gallant way to die!!﻿While I do not believe in the basis of the Mormon faith (i.e. Joe Smith 
being a prophet who miraculously found evidence that Jews made it the US 
and Jesus was somehow here) I do know that every Mormon I've met is a 
spectacular person. They must be doing something right. ﻿GLORIA A DIOS. CERCA MAS CERCA OH DIOS DE TI. ﻿može bit san , može bit java
jedno sigurno - pjesma jest sjajna﻿this is beautiful song﻿The ship's band played this song (no vocal) on the night of the sinking.﻿I don.t know if there is a God but there is certainly something out there 
hopefully good.I was brought up Catholic but fell by the wayside but i 
really do not believe in their teachings. I am always drawn to the Mormon 
channel at bedtime and listen to the hymns before i go to sleed God be with 
you is my favourite x﻿Is the song the Orchestra Played as the Titanic sank...I like it!1﻿It's rather equal which religion we have, but this song has no borders for 
each of us. I'm catholic, living in Germany and played this song on my 
saxophone as my mother died, 600 km away from me, I just had to play it an 
at the same moment I knew, she was leaving us, away from pain, but I had to 
accompany her with my music and so we shared moments as mother and 
daughter, moments that we never had before. It was a great honour to share 
these moments with my big Mom, moments of peace, showing into the light, 
forgive and forget all those horrible things done to us. Mamma, ik vergeet 
je niet en je bent altijd bij me. Jouw Ireentje﻿!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿Many people despise mormons, but they are wrong. I am not mormon, but I 
admire their devote. They are true believers.﻿Very  good﻿I invite all believers and non-believers to have hope and pray. Express 
your feelings of joy or sadness to Jesus. He clears doubt and promotes 
peace in the Sacred Name of He Who is Light.﻿Como pode ser tão linda a interpretação ! #brazilian #perfect ♥﻿very beautifulExcellent rendition of a great song!although we do not share the same beliefs, I must commend this choir/church 
for an amazing rendition of one of the most beautiful songs ever created.I got goosebumps first time I heard the song in this version. Amazing...so touchingAwesome!!!lovely Itt olvasom a hívők és ateisták beírásait,de ez annyira csodálatos mű az 
előadásmód pedig lenyűgöző és méltóságteljes,hogy mindenkit elkápráztat 
vallási hovatartozástól függetlenül.Köszönöm nektek ezt az élményt:MarikaEx-Mormon, Atheist now but still enjoy hearing the hymns from time to time, 
they are soothing, reflective even without a belief in god. Great choir This was my mothers fav. song. RIP Wanda Jill Morris 09-02-49 07-31-2013 I 
love and miss you so much mom. if the precence of God is like this on earth !! what of Heaven ??? i love 
you my Lord , Christ Jesus feel my soul with your Spirit and annointing , 
Amen !I'd love to get my hands on that organ -cool! Yes they are quite good. I am Mormon. I hope they may bring you and 
everyone that hears them peace. I am not in the mood to argue about it 
ether. But i invite all the read the book of Mormon and pray with a open 
heart if it is true. This church has brought me peace like no other and has 
made me a better person than i was before. "If any man lack wisdom, let him 
ask of god and ye will know the truth of all things.So.. I'm Atheist.. and I came here from Titanic.. And I don't like any 
religion, at all... but I respect your belief, and by "God" (see what I did 
there?) These guys can sing :D and it's beautiful :')Amen.Dedicated to my beloved grandma.. may she rest in peace. I only want you to 
know that I really miss you.Nearest we can be....... Glory to God !!!Glory to our living God.Beautiful. What a choir! Praise God for the gift of music and fine voices.I was there and it was awesome! It was so great to be able to listen to the 
talks in person, and be there with my best friend. This is a nice and peaceful songepicAllways has been hallways will be one of my favorites. As a child I 
remember the words having such impact in me. That someone could feel this 
way...no matter what. It frightened me somewhat. Yet now, at 53, I 
understand, and I feel that way myself...even though the possible price of 
my faith, in this darkening world are often ridicule, prejudice, hatred and 
sometimes more, I cannot forsake Him, no matter what. I love this song, I 
love my God, I love His Church. I wish I could be with Him nowLove this hymnBeautifulBeautiful! May the Lord be glorified.it's really nice :-)I am in this one!!!