"Let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax 
strong in the presence of God;"             -Doctrine and Covenants 121:45﻿We all achieve Heaven if we are obedient to the laws and ordinances of the 
Gospel. As members of the Church, we are able to achieve the Celestial 
Kingdom, which IS the highest degree of the Glory that one can receive. 
None of us are perfect, which is why our Savior died for us so that we now 
have the plan of repentance to be forgiven of sins here on earth. We ALL 
here in earth earn the right and privilege to enter into heaven. No, Hanna, eternal life is the greatest gift from God. Virtue is true beauty. So beautiful!!! you can feel the spirit just watching the video. No. But we believe that through our virtue, the Lord can change us into the 
beautiful daughters He would want us to be. We believe that Jesus did the 
work, through his Atonement, but that we need to commit ourselves to Him by 
making and keeping sacred covenants. We believe that virtue opens the door 
to revelation from Him to help us to become all that He would want us to 
become. We believe that although we are imperfect, he would want us to 
strive to live his teachings, which are virtuous. No, Mormons can not "earn Heaven" any more than anyone else can. It is 
impossible for even after all a person can do, he or she will still fall 
short of perfection. However, his children are expected to give their all 
to be true to the Savior and keep his commandments. Only his atonement can 
up for all that we lack.It is amazing to see young women like them. As a young man, it is my goal 
to find a beautiful young virtuous woman and be sealed to her for time and 
all eternity. Thank you to the young women who live to make this possible.Not really, we have three degrees of it, the lowest is of course hell 
(thats only for extreme sin such as witnessing god and rejecting him), 
there is Telestial, Terrestrial and Celestial from lowest to highest, all 
of them are wonderful, if we keep the commandments we can get to the 
celestial, which is ze best, I didnt explain it very well, but i think i 
got the basicsWe believe that we neither completely earn heaven, nor is salvation granted 
to us solely by Grace. We believe that our actions, insufficient though 
they may be, are important prerequisites for salvation, and that we cannot 
be saved without the grace and the Atonement of Jesus Christ. Yes, infact, we believe we are here to be tested and hopefully we do infact 
keep the commandments, and strive to live rightouse lives, no one is 
perfect here on Earth, and God doesnt expect perfection but he knows our 
intent and hearts....so its a Yes to your question, sorry if no one 
responded before, hope it helps a bit!(:I'm a Christian. I am definitely not having sex before marriage, and virtue 
is really important. This is interesting that you guys are focusing on this 
too.So, do you guys believe that you earn heaven?@chiaet Virtue encompasses all of the values mentioned in the video. Its 
definition is not one exact word, but a collection of many good qualities 
that a woman should have.@chiaet can you explain?For something that is supposed to be so important, it's meaning seams 
awfully vagueI love when they show the temples I can't wait for the day I will marry a 
worthy man that has gone on a mission!XD I love when the sisters talked 
about eternity I'm glad that I am sealed to my family so I to can rejoice 
when the time comes when we will be reunited for all eternity!XD well only 
if I stay true to my faith and u can count on that!my goal is to make it to 
the celestial Kingdom! After I get married and sealed in the temple with my 
futher husband!:DIt was my goal to be virtuous to enter the temple with a wonderful man. 
After dating some wrong guys and being engaged to someone I knew was wrong. 
I followed the spirit and I changed me heart and my actions, I wanted to be 
just as good as the man I was looking for. Shortly thereafter, the Spirit 
led us to each other, we respected each other and honored one another. We 
were sealed in the Salt Lake temple and almost two years later, I realize 
more, what a big decision I had made to be virtuous.Just what I needed. I realized that I must focus more on the important 
things in life instead of materials and worldly things.This brought tears to my eyes. @kaytoo30 We believe our young men should also adhere to these standards, 
in fact they are under convenant to strickter standards because of the 
immense responsibility they hold ad future fathers and husbands. There is 
no inequality, only defined roles that make the family a success. @kaytoo30 It's like a driving a car, you can't have two drivers at the same 
time...you can get to the same destination if one is driving and the other 
passenger is navigating. Neither role is more important....they both help 
each other and will arrive at the same destination. I cant wait till the atlanta temple dedication! (: rivercrest ward<3@basildonboi18 There is alway room for one more. Reply if you would like to 
learn more and I'll try to get you in touch with people who can help.:)<3 @bububbles123 I did the same thing! It gets me every time.Where can I download this video from? I need it for New Beginnings, Thank 
you,More purity give me, More strength to o'er come, More freedom from earth 
stains, More longing for home. More fit for the kingdom, More used would I 
be, More blessed and holy, MORE SAVIOUR, LIKE THEE! This video really 
emphasises how precious we are to Heavenly Father. "To the youth of the 
noble birthright, Carry on! Carry on! Carry on!"i really envy these people...i have not yet found faith but i am looking 
everyday of my lifeSome day the Savior will return and we will all look up to Him, just as the 
girls are, at the end of the video. some day!!! thank you for making such an inspiring clip. thanks to all the YW who 
strive to be virtuous. God bless us all.This was absolutely inspiring and inspired. I love that the church is able 
to put out such inspiring messages as these even amongst all the other 
media out there today. I was touched by this video and hope for the 
beautiful gift of charity to be had by all young women throughout the 
world. Beautiful video! Loved it!I think virtue is soo important im not a mormon my beliefs are different 
but this video is awesome!!To all the young women out there. I want you to know that there nothing 
more beautiful, more precious, than to know that there are many virtuous 
daughters of God. I am filled with awe and can feel the spirit so strong 
everytime I hear the young women recite their theme. As an encouragement, 
continue to seek to be virtuous!I'm a boy ,, and I want follow this motto " VIRTUE"I am from mexico city... no se mucho de ingles pero este video llamo mucho 
mi atencion apesar de que solo veo los k estan en español...podrian subirlo 
en mi idioma porfavor?, alcance a comprender el mensage, sobre todo el lema 
de las muijeres jovenes aun sin conocer las palabras en ingles, pero me 
gustaria disfrutarlo por completo.....esta es la iglesia verdadera, no me 
queda ninguna duda al respecto,gracias, agradesco ami padre celestial por 
esto.Jacob 2:28 For I, the Lord God, delight in the chastity of women. And 
whoredoms are an abomination before me; thus saith the Lord of Hosts.This was such a great video, oh how the spirit witnesses of the truth of 
it! I am so happy to be in this church and have such wondeful women by the 
sides of we priesthood holders. Amen to this video!I love that women are respected and loved and that Heavenly Father has 
blessed us with the ability to be Happy & Clean !this video is amazing! I cry all the time when I watch this!There are no negative comments because the Spirit has censors.The virtue of women is more precious than rubies, and better to be brought 
home in a pine box than loose that which is most precious, your virtue.Watching this video, I feel so warm inside. I am deeply, deeply touched. 
Shining sword of virtue, find thy sheath in me!This video fills me with such joy I can hardly contain it. I feel it 
washing over me in waves of goodness that fill me over and over again with 
happiness until I explode with the spirit!I feel the spirit watching this and I just love it. I want to try my 
hardest to be virtueous. I reall want to go to the temple and marry the one 
and just live as happy as possible. It just makes me feel warm to know that 
in this church it is possible and whatever trials come, heavenly father and 
Jesuschrist are there helping. I love that so very much.wow, that was very inspiring and i felt the spirit very strong. I will stay 
virtiousI <3 this! We watched this for YW in Excellence!!!wow I wish girls where like this and this beautiful where I livedIts so great to see in a day and age of decaying morals. You can see the 
virtue and purity shining out of there faces.i loveee lovee this beautiful video ! it touches my heart so much! the 
spirit is so strong.The Mormon Messages fill me with so much light. Thank you!Spiritually touching...tearsAwesome!Lol. Sure do. And we are to be guardians of virtue :)I agree with mediadisclosed! Thank you for putting this clip on youtube; 
really enjoyed it!!I would like to make friendship with her: 1:20I really loved this video. I am from Brazil and I was touched with this 
words.... I know that virtue is necessary.Do boys have to be virtuous also? lolThis is beautiful. I really want to learn the Young Women's theme in 
Japanese.It is inspiring to see women think and talk in such an enlightened and 
beautiful way. My wife is like these girls and I am so glad I married her.There is nothing more beautiful then a daughter of god who lives by virtue. 
My heart and love goes out to all my sisters.love your message:) Don't wish you could personally tell each and everyone 
of them how important they are, go and do it, I know you can and will one 
day. Starts with a thought, next you walking into it, You can make a 
difference in their lives.um, why do they use scattered pieces of old english in their statements?Double Ditto! Some of us are struggling, and that is a sign that our 
Heavenly Father is still watching us dilegently, with love. I know my 
heavenly father lives and I am grateful for the atonement and the gift of 
the holy ghost. It is a priveledge to share the gospel.I proclaim to 
eveyone that with the scriptures we shall have Christ in our lives. Thank 
you all that silently pray for everyone...God Bless You and reward with 
health, happiness and long happy memories with your families.especially my seminary students. :)POWERFUL!!! I love LDS youth!!!It's true, I remember when I was younger I did not understanding the 
importance of motherhood. I was almost angry at how little of roll women 
seemed to play. I was at E.F.Y. at the time and went to a class where a 
brother spoke about the importance of women. Now, years later I am so 
grateful for the Lord blessing me with the knowledge I so dearly needed at 
that time. Young women are so important to the church. I wish I could 
personally tell each and every one of them how important they are.So good, and true. I loved it =]virtue. an attribute i hope to always have imbedded in me. what marvelous 
blessings come from living a virtuous life.yep that is Marie. Her face was on the main portrait thing showing what the 
video is. Anyway she is also attending her brothers wedding at 0:50Beautiful! Okay, someone pass me the tissue box! LOL .. I loved this!I was asking myself why I have the Priesthood and not Women.. and it truly 
is that Women need to be mothers, I believe men have the Priesthood because 
they need that extra help from the Lord! Couldn't get by without it.. Women 
who are virtuous and work every day to become Christlike are the closest to 
Christ as anyone can be on this earth.. Being a Mother is amazing. if only 
the world would believe the same!Amen to that Sister. It's time us priesthood holders let young women know 
that we will only be interested in those who keep the awesome standards the 
Lord has set for us. What a wonderful promise the Lord gives us youth if we 
follow His commandments and strive to be clean and virtuous.Its real! WOW thank you Jesus Christ.I just showed this to my sons. They were touched by the Spirit and so was 
I. I explained to them that these kind of girls shown on the video clip, 
the kind of girls striving to be clean and pure, and Christlike, are the 
kind of girls they want to look for, to date and marry. There is such a 
difference in their countenances verses a lot of the other young women out 
there who don't consider being morally clean, important.love the vid!! =D ♥ and ya absolutely NO bad comments ^^ never seen that 
before!! lol ♥Wonderfully uplifting video. I know the principles in this video are true 
and will bring much happiness to those who follow them.This video is beautiful! I love young womens and am so grateful for the 
opportunity to be virtuous and be with my family forever.Wow. I've gotta share this with my daughter! Beautiful.Wow! beautiful video! It is easier to be virtuous constantly if we remember 
at all times that we are daughters of our Heavenly Father, if we remember 
our divine nature and live up to it.Totally awesome.2:21 Is that Marie McConkie? We used to be in the same stake because her 
dad was the mission president. Long time no see! It's a small world after 
all.Very good! Great message! And you can see in the countenances of the young 
women their own virtue!Has anyone noticed there are no bad comments about this video. Wow. That 
has to say something! I love this video. I'm so glad for the church in my 
life!!!! <3<3<3<3It's good to recognize that Women are daughters of God, but it is important 
not to step on our brothers while we do it. I don't know why men have the 
priesthood and women don't, but I am confident that it has nothing to do 
with women being inherently better or "more powerful." Men are sons of God 
and while they are different from women, they are just as much loved and 
capable of righteousness as women are. They are awesome and a righteous man 
is as admirable as a righteous woman.So beautiful :) I know that this is true and that we will recieve amazing 
promises if we are virtuous!Thank you, thank you! There is nothing this world needs more now than 
virtuous and righteous youth who can make this world a better place.The Priesthood is Patriarchal. But worthy women of God, through righteous 
husbands, and with faith, I believe, actually can access its power. The 
meaning of becoming as one. However, just like Priesthood holders, its 
power cannot be used contrary to the will of God. Do not quote me on that. 
For, like you, I have just heard things, and speculated, I don't really 
know.beautiful and powerfulI love this video so much, it was great to see it during the General Young 
Women's meeting. It's hard not to tear up watching this, even the second 
time. You young women are amazing. Happy Mother's Day to you all. Please 
continue being amazing examples of virtue. It's awesome so see other 
languages in these videos, please keep doing that. :-) Thank you! :-DThat was an amazing video! I love the Young Women's organization and I am 
so thankful for it!As a young man in the church, this makes me all the more in awe for our 
wonderful sisters. Thanks, made me tear up a bit myself.That. Was. Beautiful!!! It made me tear up a little bit. Actually, if I 
wasn't in a public place when I was watching it, I would have been bawling 
when I watched it.Amazing =]2 Peter 1:5 "And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith 
virtue; and to virtue knowledge; "I love this :)That was amazing!