Uz priekšu un vienmēr, A-men un Amen! (Latvian)﻿To God be the Glory, Amen﻿This is the hymn that brought me to the church 15 years ago. This is 
probably my favorite hymn of all time.﻿Drum singet und jauchzt mit den himmlischen Scharen:
Hosianna, Hosianna dem Vater und Sohn.
Laßt Ehre und Ruhm in der Höhe erschallen
Hinfort und für immer, Amen und Amen!﻿May the spirit of God bless us all﻿Amazing!!!﻿Hence forth and forever, amen and amen!

I LOVE IT!﻿Simply amazing. Easily one of the best hymns out there. ﻿Now sing for me a thousand years﻿ 
+Eric Cook +TudoPela CamilaCoelho +ericcobb1965 +ericcobb1965 

Please Eric, don't give up! You keep going! God loves you so much and 
hasn't brought you thus far just to leave you there, if you have faith, you 
will be able to accomplish beautiful things. I believe in you brother!

Please read this talk: 
https://www.lds.org/general-conference/1999/10/an-high-priest-of-good-things-to-come?lang=eng

And Watch this video: 
http://www.mormonchannel.org/mormon-channel-daily/537?v=3701964025001
Go to the site: Mormon.org

My friend, I've been where you are - swearing God has forgotten about you, 
alone and feeling like you cant do enough... You're Savior is always ready 
to save you with opens arms, take your steps and have faith - he hath said 
that all you need is the faith of a mustard seed to move mountains, and do 
you know what he meant by that? That if you come unto him, with even if it 
is just the faith of a mustard seed, as you have faith and seek his 
guidance daily and diligently he can have your faith grow so strong that 
you are capable of doing anything.

Please see :)
https://www.lds.org/ensign/2013/07/a-time-for-faith-not-fear?lang=eng

http://www.mormonchannel.org/video/mormon-messages/topics/adversity?v=1839005837001

https://www.lds.org/manual/gospel-principles/chapter-12-the-atonement?lang=eng

https://www.facebook.com/LDS

https://www.lds.org/scriptures/bofm/3-ne/9?lang=eng﻿Me too.I agree! :)l love everything about this church!It's hymns like these that really make you feel the spirit and the love God 
has for you :) This song gives me strength to be the best me I can be 
everyday, because I know that I have a great purpose on this Earth...to 
serve my Heavenly Father.Thank you for posting this.Thank you! So beautiful!Being Mormon is a beautiful feeling. :)I love being Mormon.I love everything about this choir! amazing voicewonderful voices i feel the spirit :)the spirit of god is wonderful music and i sang this everyday in my house i'm crying Abraços dos irmãos do Brasil!Secret handshakes for everyone!!!Absolutely amazing.. This is one of my fav songs I am proud to be a ldsIt's great when you listen to this beautiful hymn and then go down to the 
comments section and all the people feel the same way as you... i just love 
being LDSI have always loved this song. It is peaceful and good. Listening to this beautiful song makes me want to sing with Praises and Joy 
for my Heavenly Father!the first singer looks like an UchtdorfThe spirit of god like a fire is burningI LOVE THIS SONG my gma would rock me to sleep singing this to me.I believe in you, brother. Heavenly Father believes in you as well! I'm 
trying to go on a mission as well! We can do this! :)Just keep praying and keep your faith and heavenly father will bless you None can do it better. They say not to boast, but my GOD is much to boast 
about!!! This is the most beautiful song I have ever heard. Beautiful, just Beautiful!Listening to this song fills me with so much peace. It makes me wanna teach 
every person thats willing to listen! I will be on my mission soon. I cant 
wait to share my personal testamony to those I teach.I'm trying. I'm a convert to the church. I desire to serve as a missionary 
for His true church, so badly. I keep falling short, and just passed my 
three year mark of trying to go on a mission. Until the day I turn 25 I 
will never stop. Thank you for posting this wonderful song. Exactly what I 
needed!THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE SONGS IN THE CHURCH... But you can my dear friend go back and ask the Bishop to reteach you and 
you can come back to cchurch email me at brianwcwright1@gmail.com and ill 
be happy to help ill pray for youIt's never too late. Ever.I like it so much! i`m happy to be a new member of the true church here on 
earth! i thank the sister`s who teach me about the restored gospel! i`m so 
blissful and i have my chance to return to our heavenly father to be with 
him! This will always be my favourite hymn. Despite the fact I have fallen away 
from church, I still miss so many things...If only I could go back in 
time... We set our own standards as we grow and our desires and strengths change as 
we move forward. DC 25 12 A song is like a prayer to God. It sure feels 
good.I love your comment.One step at a time. We are all at different places in life. The desires of 
our hearts is the first step.Yes I finally found videos that does not contain false accusations about 
the Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints :) I'm very blessed 
that I became a member and a fully-pledged member of the restored church of 
our Heavenly Father...Try this with a really good head phone!I've worked this hymn into the liturgy of the Presbyterian church I play 
for and it has become one of their favorites! (and mine too!) I love this 
arrangement of it, especially when performed by this choir!!!I love it!!!Nothing like a really fantastic and uplifting song to get me back on track. 
Been struggling living church standards lately. These videos really help 
remind me why I belong to this church. :D i really love this song! this song is really powerful. My first favorite hymn, I love this songThis is from the last General Conference! OMGosh, I loved it!!! :Dgreat songlindo!! perfeito , realmente traz o espirito , é impossivel negar que esta 
é a verdeira e unica igreja de cristo!Never have I heard such an inspiring song. This is definitely one of my 
favorites.Não há palavras para descrever os meus sentimentos quando ouvir esse hino ! 
Maravilhoso! Wow! The Spirit stirs my soul every time I listen to this hymn. QUÉ BELLEZA ESTA OBRA!!!!!!....QUE PERFECCIÓN SU INTERPRETACIÓN UN GRAN 
CORO.....NO ME CANSO DE ESCUCHARLO DIARIAMENTE....ES VERDAD....EL ESPIRITU 
DE DIOS SALE DE LA PANTALLA......."As well might man stretch forth his puny arm to stop the Missouri river in 
its decreed course, or to turn it upstream, as to hinder the Almighty from 
pouring down knowledge from heaven upon the heads of the Latter-Day 
Saints." -Doctrine & Covenants 121:33My favorite hymn of all time.I was so blessed to be there that morning. There were missionaries behind 
me singing along. The Spirit there was so strong and powerful, i felt so 
strengthened. A moment i will never Ever forget is my Dad being in that 
Choir and seeingon the screen, the tears and his testimony in his eyes near 
the end of this Beautiful song. Knowing my little brother was watching it 
from his mission was an absolute joy to me. greatness.thats called the spirit ;] This is truly one of the best hymn of the Restoration . So lovely to listen....yeah..major goosebumps!! :)Oct 1999 when this song was performed in the old Tabernacle. I got my 
testimony to the truth of the Book of Mormon. I always have a love for this 
hymn. The power and inspiration of this hymn sends shivers down my spine 
every time I hear it.Always makes me think of the dedication of the Kirtland Temple and the 
miracles that were associated with that dedication. Visions, Angels, and 
the Spirit of God being poured out upon the saints like a fire from heaven.As always, His Spirit flows from the glorious voices of this unique choir, 
and feels every heart that is listening! Glory to Him..Glory to God, His 
Son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter 
Day Saints!!Thanks so much for posting this to youtube, when I watched this I loved it 
and I still love it, it's also my second hymn. I love the 4th Verse to the 
Hymn.there is no other choir like this!! the best of all times!@bweeuteful : I couldn't have said anything better...so dittoEs hermosisimo, realmente se siente el Espiritu de Dios en las voces de 
este coro!!!I was in the Legacy Theater for this session, and the Spirit was so strong 
in the room as you all sang. I wonder if I'll ever leave that theater not 
crying! :-)This is by far my all-time favorite version and song of the Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir. I was so blessed to hear it in person from my balcony 
seat and I was driven to tears! Powerful!Hermoso... que te llega al alma...mi Himno Favorito....LOVED this!So beautiful.... I hear angels :')I was totally surprised when they did it this way. B-)amazing! the perfect choice to follow the words of the Prophet! I could 
feel it in bones...and i was watching from home!! you can totally feel the spirit when watching this. How great to have the 
greatest choir in the world amongst us =) Major goosebumps!