The grandkids are asleep, the adults are at the Messiah sing along.  I'm 
basking in the beauty of Christmas videos.  I am so thankful for Jesus 
Christ and all that he did for me.  Merry Christmas!﻿I know mostly Mormons watch these videos, but is there anyone watching 
these videos right now who isn't Mormon?go missionaries@MormonMessages: Any chance of getting some of these in Spanish? I have 
friends in South America that would love these.@MormonMessages Merry Christmas to all of you as well. Thank you for your 
good work and inspired actions. May the Lord be with you and your families. i love the last part...it touches my heartI love the accent at 4:03. Where is she from? Isn't that a Spanish flag? 
Thanks again for this beautiful video. Never gets old.I know that Christ lives and is the Savior of the world.Jesus Christ is the Lord Almighty - Emmanuel, god with us.sorry Elder Strabacki is from Serbia NOT from Czek Slovakia. enjoy!I wish we had this video in Portuguese, simply beautiful.. thank you,Buzz-you are amazing!! thanks for the kind comment you made here! :)) keep 
on it!! hope you know that u are welcome to come here as often as you like. 
take care and may Heavenly Father bless you throughout your life!Simoncini!!!!! Cross!!! Go you T2Wonderful testimony building video.Go Sister Trusty! we miss you! keep up the good work. This is a wonderful 
video!HELLO, THANKS A LOT FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL VIDEOS. I'm glad because I know that 
this Church is true and that we share the Gospel all over the world, no 
matter what laguage is spoken and nation we are from, we just teach what 
the Lord , Jesus Christ wants us to teach and apply to our own lives here 
on earth. I'm Alan Clase from Dominican Republic. I got some videos that 
I'd like to share here.I love this video! Thank you!Great video! Muy bien!It's so special to hear the testimonies of the missionaries, as they speak 
of the birth of Jesus Christ. The universality of the message is brought 
out just by hearing the languages they speak, and seeing the diversity 
among them. The gospel is for the whole world, the beautiful message of 
Christmas, and of the Restoration, is for all. Any of you who have not 
heard the whole story, would do well to contact your local LDS 
missionaries. You will be richly blessed.This brought tears to my eyes because of the beautiful testimonies of our 
Saviour, Jesus Christ.This is such a wonderful Testimony. This is a Solid Foundation of The 
Reason we are here and why we all have the same oppertunity to live with 
our Heavenly Father once again.The feeling and spirit that this video brings lets me forget about all the 
rushing going on around me. I'm able to slow down and really focus on why 
we have Christmas. Thank you.Beautiful message to ALL men everywhere. So well done.Wonderful testimony building video. The Church is the same around the world.Wow, I've just found my personal Christmas ecard!Wonderful - I so love hearing the voices of so many reaffirming the truth 
of the Savior's mission on this earth. That they are young and so sure is 
that much more reassuring of the truth. Thank you!It is so good to see people from all over the world sharing their 
testimonies. That is a real testimony builder, just that fact, is a 
prophecy. MargotVery inspiring! Thank you. I love the mix of languages and cultures in the 
video. It's very edifying.Very touching.Thank you so much....I really needed that today. I am so grateful for my 
belief in the Savior and your testimonies fo Him was a great lift....thank 
you!!!Beautiful. Merry Christmas!I also would like to see HD. And you might want to consider a 
MormonMessages Vimeo account as well. Lots of people go there for high 
quality video. Thanks for posting these!Great work. This video touched me and was perfect for what I needed in my 
life right now. Thank you.Many are asking where this video came from. This video is an official 
production of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, made 
specifically by the Audiovisual Department as a gift to all this season. 
Our channel will also serve as a place where we at Church headquarters can 
post more uplifting videos, which will be coming in January. Thanks for 
watching and Merry Christmas!Thank you!! So beautiful!Seth, thanks for adding this to your subscriptions...it fits right in with 
the messages you share in your own videos. When do you expect a new video 
out? Merry ChristmasTruth of the Savior's birth, life and mission. Thank you for sharing this 
in such pure simplicity. Where did the photography and/or video come from?It was wonderful to see missionaries from all countries. The LDS church 
shares the beliefs of other churches around the world.Peace on Earth, good will to all men. May you all have a Merry Christmas 
and remember the true meaning of Christmas this season.That was awesome! Beautifully done.Beautiful! Thank you for sharing!Absolutely beautiful video. It shares the message of joy, and hope, that is 
found in Jesus Christ.Thank you to the LDS who presented this. It is a beautiful and moving 
video. The Mormon church is often misunderstood. I am not Mormon, but one 
of my best friends is, and he has taught me that although I am 
Catholic...we all pray to the same God... there may be minor differences, 
but He is the same. Thank you, Ron for all you've taught me. BuzzVery GOOD!Beautiful video with a wonderful message of truth. Perfect for the 
Christmas season. Thank you for sharing it.How beautifulFantastic video! I've forwarded it around the world!Great video. It encourages me to invite someone to hear the Good Tidings.What a wonderful thing to know that Christ is our Savior. What a beautiful 
reminder.Lovely reminder of what Christmas is all about: Jesus Christ came for all 
the earth and all people.Thanks.Thanks for posting. Merry Christmas!A very special holiday gift!!Brought tears to my eyes!Beautiful...Merry Christmasabsolutely wonderful thank you for sharing this!O, come let us adore Him! Thank you.It is awesome to see the Christmas story told from college age young adults 
from all over the world.Beautiful video. Thank you for sharing.Wonderful video! I'm glad that Meridian Magazine is highlighting it this 
week. Where did you get it? Keep up the great work!