Filled with spirit﻿"Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye 
have done it unto me."﻿when you are hungry and you give your food to someone else hungry blessed Yeah, it's the exact same thing that is in my eye.Who said I was crying because I am so not! I just have something in my eye! @rekraBnavE LGBT's are seen as any other human beings. We strive to treat 
all as equals. We are ALL children of God, If we ourselves are not perfect, 
which none of us are, then who are we to judge? Accepting everyone, no 
matter what race, religion, or sexuality is our goal. Hope I helped xDIn response to the earlier question, Lgbt are viewed as beloved children of 
Godthese videos are refreshing and short. A spiritual boost that is such a 
blessing. Thank you, thank you!GOOD STUFF :] I live my faith by serving and loving others. I always have a tendency to 
love others by bringing the gospel through my service projects. One of my 
favorite service projects is to unite other students [non believers or 
different denominational] in the college dorm and invite them to have a 
community dinner once a week and share the gospel. I believe God has a plan 
for everyone and He loves all of His children. I will try to share the joy 
from our Savior has giving me to others. I want to cry, but I dont know why? It must be the spirit =)I wish that I always chose unselfish service over selfish pursuits bc when 
I am always happier when I do so. It is a lifelong process I guess.@Luis99092 Me too!!! :Di really dont understand how someone can dislike this, its a great message. Great video!"Serve him by serving his people." I love hearing these messages. They make 
my day.Such a beautiful message. :)"how many people did you help?" great question.I love this subject of service. Christ taught service. a fulfilled life is 
a life of service. Thanks for the message!I know this message is True..Forgetting yourself and doing the work of the 
Lord is soooo right. It's so significant in the Lord's eyes and your 
desires will be fulfilled in doing so.Love it!