May  he rest in peace﻿RIP Elder Scott. This is a beautiful talk.﻿I'm not even married (and still have a while too), but this is STILL one of 
my favorite talks ever given ﻿This is so beautiful.I'm still waiting for you, wherever you are...my future wifeHas a sweeter husband ever lived? He loves her so much and he expresses it 
beautifully. What a lucky wife! She must've been something pretty special, 
too. :)@steplds I am patiantly waiting for You so I can marry U in the temple for 
time and Eternity:-)We'll walk hand in hand soon into the temple of the 
Lord and get married. I just Love U soo much and I'll do what it takes to 
be the best I can be for you..I'm thankful for your kindness, your love 
that you have in your heart..I am blessed to have such a precious child of 
God that is so wonderful to me.....Don't matter how far away you are. God 
will bring us together..I love u soo muchthis is so beautiful <3this makes me wanna cry, in a good way :) i can't wait to find an eternal 
companion and be married to them for time and eternity... thank you Elder 
Scott@rushipip777 I have to wait 5 months for my fiance and I to be married in 
the Temple. I love him so much with all my heart! We want to receive the 
blessings of Eternal Marriage by being married and sealed in the Temple for 
Time and Eternity. We maybe away from each other but I know the Lord is 
mindful of us and we'll be together soon! I'm patiently waiting and how 
great will be my joy when the day will come me and my companion Chad will 
walk hand in hand going to the Temple for our wedding.Very important to love your wife she must come first in our lives !!! I 
LOVE YOU...I love this messege !!! Very important, very important to love your wife 
she must come first in our lives. I LOVE YOU...Gracias Élder Scott, lo amamos !Thank you for this message, I'm engaged to marry. I have to wait 5months 
because my beautiful fiance lives 6500miles away but my #1 priority is to 
marry her in the temple. I Love this Church and I love my Stef my beautiful 
companion:-)Amo este discurso que palabras hermosas !!! Gracias Dios por bendecir 
nuestra vidas con las mujeres que estan nuestras vidas.