This is a story so dear to my  heart here in the Dominican Republic. Thank 
you!﻿Do you have just the original video of this still in spanish??? si no 
Necesita este video en espanol tambien!!!!Estoy agradecida por el trabajo y el servicio que la Iglesia hace por 
individuos. To see the look on that little child's face really touched me. To see the 
struggles of her mother, and the pain that she is going through was 
heartfelt. There is so much love in the family, and I am so thankful that 
The Church Of Jesus Christ was able to help benefit a family and bring 
tremendous benefits to all who live in that household. I'm grateful for the insperation that the leaders of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints had for such a charity! We get so caught up in 
the news- Even though we need to care about the tragic events like Haiti's 
Earthquake, and the Tsunamis and Hurricanes, we also need to remember the 
everyday trageties that the media forgets. awwwwWonderful! It makes me want to become more giving.Thank you so much!So proud to belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Days Saints"....no matter if they are members or not." I am proud to be a member of 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I am thankful for the 
blessings of Jesus Christ in my life. As I was no member they reactivated 
my life too. I am happy to be baptized now and to receive the blessings of 
the membership. Because I learn to become selfreliant and be able to serve 
God in serving my neighbor and share the Love of God.You are the Hands of Christ if we all do what He tells all mankind to do: 
"Love one another" the world will be a better place... I am greatful for 
the Lord´s hands in my life. He is my redeemer and my savior and my King. I 
will follow him all my life long. I thank God for my intact body what I can 
use to chare. Praise be to Jesus of Nazareth, the beloved Son of God. He is 
the Christ! OH LORD ! THY WILL BE DONE ! THEY KINGDOM COME !JESUS IS LORD...I am also very happy that this unfortunate woman will able to walk again 
with the help of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.Through His Church today, Jesus Christ continues to heal His children and 
help them walk again, both physically and spiritually.