These videos are so inspiring! :)﻿Jesus rules﻿I'm so glad this man is healed by our lord I believe ﻿I LOVE JESUS. 💖﻿I grew to be friends the man that plays the Lame Man in the video and his 
wife. They are some of the kindest and most genuine people I know. What I 
found interesting is that the man and his wife are catholic. When his wife 
told me all about it I was taken aback. I won't lie but I was a little 
surprised that they had agreed to be apart of these video clips that are 
helping build up another faith. I think it's absolutely wonderful and 
beautiful that they were willing to help others around them and be loving 
of everyone and accepting and I'm also grateful that the church branched 
out to members of other faiths rather than staying within the LDS sphere to 
play these roles. I believe that this couple performed a great act of 
service and showed that regardless of different faiths we can all love one 
another and follow the example of our Savior, Jesus Christ.﻿These are some of the most moving videos about Christ.﻿This video is marvelous. Beautiful. 
This miracle he made demonstrate great compassion. 
This video is very touching the heart. ﻿gracias por tener este medio y por el aprender masThe Christ healed my jaw when I was younger. I had TMJ and I was healed by 
the Christ. I called upon him to heal me and it was done. GOD the FATHER 
also made himself known to me. i love these Bible videos too. There is so much to learn from them about 
our Savior, Jesus ChristThank you.Hope it wasn't something someone said or did that led you to feel that way. 
I do love these videos too.sweet <3Awesome, Jesus was n still is amazing!awesome, no words...These videos are great!Really disagree with Mormons but growing up lds I really enjoyed the books 
and videos like this. Wow these videos are what it is all aboutA technical note: The thumbnail for this video is from the wrong segment.From the first note in the score of this video the sense began, the same 
feeling I had as a little boy. It was the name Jesus that ever felt this 
way to me. Now, it is in this video you've made. Thank youLove the facial expression on the sick man...beautifulIt really touch meIt is a wonderful thing to feel and share the Savior's love for all of us.The Sabbath's a great day To feel the love of God To rise up healed and say 
That infirmity is gone!Thank you Jesus for healing me too! That was an awesome video. Interesting how they were more concerned about him carrying his bed than 
that he had been healed. Sometimes i think i lose focus like that also.I sat with my grandson on my knee and we watched this video. wow truly 
amazed and so was my grandson Blake on my knee not a sound or movement - 
Keep up the great work we luv them... I love these videos! Man our church is so awesome!Awesome video !!!