Oh noooooo! is this the last episode? I will miss the adventures of the 
Nelson brothers. Thank you Mormon Channel for inspiration, tears, laughter, 
joy, the spirit of God and lots of love....﻿Oh we want to see the babies!!!!!﻿i know!﻿I have thoroughly enjoyed watching this series, I'm not looking forward to 
the last one...cos it's the last one!  These young men have been inspiring, 
sharing their trials and their joys...very cool! I will miss the..."next 
week on 2 bros 2" :( but I'm grateful to have been inspired :D﻿Is it really ending??! It can't be! This has been my favorite series ever. 
I want to interview & video my kids when I get older and do something 
similar to this. I think it's a really great idea :)﻿final episode... nooooo!!!! my 8yr old loves the series 😧﻿Ditto!  What an achievement for the Director and a family of boys--just 
being boys.﻿wow! [Tears of amazement] :)﻿It can't be over! ;( I loved this series! There's gotta be a lot more 
footage we haven't seen. It'd be awesome if this was turned it a movie 
documentary somehow.﻿As a convert to the church I see and compare my life with these boys. Just 
makes you wonder what the lord has is storage for me once I snap out of 
temptation stage. Theses series helps out a lot. Thanks﻿NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, Not the final episode please....I love these series, my 
daughter really likes them also.﻿I love this series!! Amazing young men!!﻿There seems to be so much more based on previews in prior episodes but I am 
grateful for what has been shown thus far and will be sad after next weeks' 
episode. Thanks for sharing these inspiring lives with us.﻿I want it to keep on going!  I love them!﻿Nooooo! This has been so uplifting.I want to hear more about Tommy and 
Joseph. I was so inspired by these faithful young men that I share them 
with my children who are around the same age. However, should they decide 
not to continue, then may their lives be blessed and that they continue to 
touch the lives of others.﻿What!? Final Episode!? This has become my weekly show for the past 3 
months!!! I'm sad to see it go...﻿I wonder if this is considered season 1....because, Tommy and Joseph are 
the only ones left.﻿NO THE SERIES CAN NOT END THE NEXT EPISODE IT IS SO FUN TO WATCH﻿Why is this series ending?!?!? We watch these every Sunday with our kids. 
And we (and the kids) look forward to it every Sunday!﻿Where can I find me a bae like one of these brothers 😩﻿love this series! what an amazing family. so inspirational. thank you! 
(must have great parents)﻿why is it going to end? like, why? this is to good﻿Nooooo! I love this series! I don't want it to end! :(﻿NOOOOO!!   Not the end!!  Its been the best﻿Even the narrator sounded sad when he said that it was the final episode!
It can't end!!! I'm so sad 😭😭﻿Really grateful for this documentary series.﻿It's crazy to see how far they have come and there journey I'm gonna miss 
it a lot﻿Final episode next week? :( I've loved this. Please make more!﻿nooooo! not the final! i dont want this to eeend! this series is so 
uplifting!﻿No. The series can't end.﻿Wow, he is the kind of guy I want my daughter to marry one day!﻿Oh, I will miss this!﻿Next week is final episode? Daww going to miss this series! Hope there will 
be more like it!﻿I love this series!!! Please make more, I look forward to this every 
week!!! ﻿Im going to missed this inspiring series, I do hope their will be more like 
this﻿