We Mormons are Christians 100%  thank you Elder Holland!﻿     Jesus Christ the savior of the world is at the center of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints.  
    There is no doctrine that is more important to the members of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints than the Atonement of the 
Savior of the world.    
    If the gospel were compared to a wagon wheel, the Atonement of Jesus 
Christ would be the hub holding everything up; it is the life and light and 
strength of the Church.
    As the Prophet Joseph Smith declared, “The fundamental principles of 
our religion are the testimony of the Apostles and Prophets, concerning 
Jesus Christ, that He died, was buried, and rose again the third day, and 
ascended into heaven; and all other things which pertain to our religion 
are only appendages to it” (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, 121).﻿Jesus was black not whitehow can i download this video to use for my lesson? Thanks u jesus i love you so much there is much that i dont know and that i 
am confused about but as long as im with you by your side i know that 
everything will be alright :') please jesus be with me amenDoes anyone know what the name of the song playing in the background is?the doctrine of the holy trinity heaven and hell are catholic doctrines 
introduced by the council of nicea in ad 947? i believe that we Are 
reincarnated when we die i also believe that we do not need to be involved 
with a organised religion to find Jesus christOne of the best faith sermons I've seen in my entire existence. And what a 
perfect musical score, too! Thank you so much.If you want to know more about mormonism, go to mormon.orgElder Holland is my favorite speaker. He is to the point and powerful. I 
always look forward to hearing him testify.Amen. Praise God and his only begotten son, Jesus Christ. I'm proud to say 
I'm a Mormon and a Christian.@smithcam1992 if your a good person in the true sense of the word, then i 
believe you will be given salvation@smithcam1992 do well by others, be a good person, do not harm others in 
physical or verbal ways. if you are a good person in the true sense of the 
word@smithcam1992 in my opinion regardless of religion everyone is allowed 
their own belief the real question is are the teachings of your god in line 
with the law and moralities?i was baptised some time ago living with my father and mother in law, but 
being the reble i was, i did not want to do it. many years later here i am 
building a future for myself and my family, this last weekend has changed 
my life, i was spoken to by god through the words of others, i am now on 
the path he destined for me.@nimrodius Well think about it, there are many people who are brought up in 
different cultures and beliefs worshipping false prohets and idols, he’s 
confirming this "God" is the truth not a manmade belief... he’s confirming 
that it is reality and not a fantasy...@nimrodius Try reading John 17:3 And this is life eternal, that they might 
know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. @smithcam1992 no bro, but jesus died for our sin, through him we r saved, 
and if u dont except jesus christ as a saviour or the son of god and god 
himself, iit doesnt matter, wat ur, wat u do, you will never have the way 
to almighty god, jesus christ is our saviour....! Why does he refer to God as "the only true god?" Why not just "God"?My favorite quote: "There is one thing we would not like anyone to wonder 
about. That is whether we are Christians." I add my testimony that Jesus 
Christ lives and is the Son of our living Heavenly Father.AMEN!Amen. Jesus is my hero!!!!!!!What movie is that?I love god Jesus Christ ♥ja sam iz hrvatske i mormon samI am truly thankful for righteous men like Brother Holland. The spirit of 
Jesus Christ is all about everyone of us. We just have to seek him. I love 
him and I know him; I know he will come again.i can hear god in my mind talking to me!!!Matthew 7:21 Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into 
the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in 
heavenThe church is so true!! :)I would love to understand the message but I am deaf. Please add captions; 
it will benefit many who are hard of hearing or deaf or have a hearing loss.@Esteban1530blg I pray for you !! May God bless you too@Esteban1530blg WE LOVE BROTHER, TRUST IN HIS POWER AND YOU WILL MAKE 
IT.....whoever reads this... im in need of prayer badly... all im asking is 
prayer...please...i need liberation.... im facing addiction...nd i need 
liberation from it... i need prayer..... please pray... in the name of 
Jesus christ...my God... my name is Esteban Estrada... please.. just a 
prayer.... pray that God liberates me from my addiction.. thank you.. and 
God bless you@GRANTEDREPENTANCE Yes, He is the literal Son of God, and He was the God of 
the Old Testament. He is God and has been from the beginning. But He is 
physically distinct from the Father, to whom He prayed. Stephen saw God and 
Christ as two separate and distinct beings, with Christ on the right hand 
of the Father. Yet Christ is God, acting under the direction of our Eternal 
Father He is the agent through which the world was created, and, indeed, 
through whom the Father acts most often.Elder Holland, I will my testimony to your and say unequivocally that yes 
we as Members of the Church of JESUS CHRIST of latter-day saints are in 
fact Christens and Jesus is the literal son of God the prophesied Messiah 
Ben David the Christ savior and redeemer of the world. Or in short Jesus is 
the Christ the Son of the living God.AMEN!!!!!!!!!!! :)@skiingfreestyle we don't believe you will go to hell if you don't believe 
this. I suggest you go to lds.org read up a little about the church, 
because obviously you haven't yet my friend. I hope you have a wonderful 
day. :)@davidwalpert cool@beautifulsound100 In Gethsemane....Who was Jesus Christ speaking to when 
he said: "Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do?" On the 
cross of Calvary who was Jesus talking to when he said "Father forgive 
them, for they know not what they do?" and Jesus sits on the right hand of 
God. How can this be if Jesus is God? Jesus is the God of this world, the 
messiah, the savior, the creator of all and he is the son of God , the 
Father and he sits on his right hand. god is the besti believe in god, god is the best!!! :]@TheLeprechaun96 That is an awesome story. I myself asked for a book of 
Mormon so I could prove to myself and others how false the Church Of Jesus 
Christ Of Latter Day Saints is. I am now a member and I thank God for it .@01Christlover what is mormonism?Love your testimony Elder Holland. You're the best. Thank you. Jesus Is God! :D!@07080lmn Me too. All day every day. That is the route to eternal life. 
Don't beleive anything different@ApplesAreLethal We believe that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints, which is the church that houses the Book of Mormon, Is the one and 
only true church of Christ. This church has all the correct teachings and 
doctrines of Christ. Throughout time the true gospel of Christ has become 
corrupted and that is why you see so many churches today on earth with 
different names teaching different things. Let me know any more questions 
you have about mormonism. I would love to answer them. John 3:17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but 
that the world through him might be saved. John 3:18 He that believeth on 
him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, 
because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.We are Christians; Jesus Christ is the son of God as beautifully expressed 
by Elder HollandI am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, or in 
other words, I I a Mormon. I believe in the Book of Mormon as well as in 
the Bible. I believe in Christ. I know He is the Savior of mankind and that 
He will come again in glory, and that all those who trust in Him and do His 
will will be redeemed through the Savior's atoning sacrifice.His messages are always ever so amazing a true man of God he is :) With 
this i too know that we are definately Christians for we believe in Christ 
and are followers of Jesus Christ. I know that God lives and that Jesus is 
the Christ , the Holy Begotten Son Of God who atoned for the sins of the 
world.The Church Of Jesus Christ in addition to the doctrines are 100% 
true...."for God can not lie"a question to all Mormons; is Jesus the one true eternal GOD ?@ApplesAreLethal go to mormon . org@jefferylake62 I'm confused, I thought Mormons believe Lucifer is Jesus' 
spirit brother. How can Jesus be the only begotten Son of God when Jesus 
has a spirit brother?JESUS IS GOD !I too lend my humble testimony to that of Elder Holland. As a member of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints I testify that we are in fact 
Christians and I bearing witness that Jesus is the Christ who is quite 
literally only begotten son of God and savior of the world.@07080lmn Amen brother i have exactly the same :DObedient is better than scarificeJesus i love u so much.. U mean a lot to me. i know u are in my life and u 
love me as much as i love you my beloved Jesus..)i dont understand y do i always think about god..24 hours in a day i feel 
him..i think about him..nothing else makes me feel happy.. sometimes i 
wonder am i sick of God..but then soon i realise theres nothing in this 
world which can make me happy except thinking about God. Does this happen 
with every christian..?@Brut121 Matt. 26 63 But Jesus held his peace. And the high priest answered 
and said unto him, I adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us 
whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God. 64 Jesus saith unto him, Thou 
hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of 
man sitting on the right hand of power, and ccoming in the clouds of heaven.@Brut121 He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: 
he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not 
the record that God gave of his Son. He doesn't say it literally. But the 
prophets give testimony of Him.@m123tzz His return may be closer than we think...God the Father Said unto God the Son Hebrews 1:8 8 But to the Son He says: 
Your throne O God, is forever and ever; A scepter of righteousness is the 
scepter of Your kingdom.blessed be your heart brother Jeffrey . How blessed we are to have men like 
you . And how blessed we have to have Jesus Christ in our lives . Thank you 
so much for your tesmimony ."The Angels said 'O Mary, God gives you good news of a word from Him, whose 
name is the Messiah, Jesus son of Mary, honored in this world and in the 
Hereafter, and one of those brought near to God. He shall speak to the 
people in infancy and in old age, and shall be of the righteous.' She said: 
' O my Lord! How shall I have a son when no man has touched me?' He said: 
'Even so; God creates what he wills. When He decrees a thing, he says to 
it, "Be!" and it is."' (Qur'an 3:42, 45-7)Yes I can. In the KJV, John 9:35-38 is a location where Jesus declares it 
directly to a man that was healed of blindness. Also, Jesus talks in John 
10:36 and says, "Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent 
into the world, Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God?"Son of God: Matthew 16:13-17 God Hebrews 1:8 John 1:1,14 Mark 10:17-18 
(focus on being called good), then read John 10:11. Hope that helps.Jesus IS the Word and the Word IS God! So shall MY WORD be that goes forth 
FROM MY MOUTH; IT SHALL NOT RETURN TO ME VOID, but SHALL DO MY WILL, 
achieving the end for which I SENT IT. Isaiah 55:11 because I CAME DOWN 
FROM HEAVEN not to do my own will but THE WILL OF THE ONE WHO SENT ME. John 
6:38 JESUS SAID to them, "If God were your Father, you would love me, for I 
CAME FROM GOD and am here; I DID NOT COME ON MY OWN, but HE SENT ME. John 
8:42Brut121 Luke 23:34 Then said Jesus, "Father, forgive them; for they know 
not what they do". And they parted his raiment, and cast lots. John 20:17 - 
Jesus saith unto her, TOUCH ME NOT; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: 
but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your 
Father; and to my God, and your GodJesus is called by the apostles: Son of man. It is obviously that He was 
the son of man like any other man is, but he was not only a man. He was man 
and God in the same time, that is what the apostles are saying. Walking on 
water is one of the miracles of Jesus (John 6:1621), healing the servant of 
the roman solider, Luke 7:2, feeding 5000 people with 2 fishes and 5 breads 
(Matthew 14:15-21) etc. were miracles performed by Jesus as God.Colossians 2.9 „For in Christ all the fullness of the Deity lives in bodily 
form No one can save humanity and unite man with God, unless he has the 
fullness nature of man and the fullness nature of God in the same time. 
John 17.21 that all of them may be one, Father, just as you are in me and I 
am in you. May they also be in us so that the world may believe that you 
have sent me.could soemone give me a reference from the bible where jesus says he is 
god/son of god (literally)?the bible is not above the book of Mormon and the book of Mormon is not 
above the bible... the bible is a testament of Jesus Christ and the book of 
Mormon is a second testament of Jesus Christ both originated on different 
sides of the earth to be maltableWe'd love to have you! I know the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day 
Saints is true, and I know that you can know it too by the power of the 
holy ghost. I've felt it deep in my heart as I've read the book of mormon 
and prayed. It has made me so happy!Thank you for doing this.Jeffery Holland. Not sure which conference this talk was given in, but it 
was a recent one.god, such a powerful being. the power and love he must have to create us.. 
its just beutifullI don't doubt that folks who watch this channel enjoy the the videos, but 
still I wish it could be left just at that - enjoyment. It makes me sad 
that there are more people defending, politely as they may be - rather than 
testifying. I add my testimony that Jesus Christ LIVES, and is the Son of 
the living God.I LOVE the tone of spirit of the replys of this video, Instead of all this 
fighting and accusation its just one big answer boon in wich evryone 
answers each others question.to save usBecause He loves us that much...I hope this can help you..."The suffering and death of Jesus Christ, 
through which resurrection is provided to all mortals and eternal life is 
offered to those who have faith in Christ and repent of their sins."The suffering and death of Jesus Christ, through which resurrection is 
provided to all mortals and eternal life is offered to those who have faith 
in Christ and repent of their sins.He had to suffer for the pains of the world and die, so that we might live 
again. Every sin has a consequence and He bore our consequences so that we 
may live with Him again if we repent and have faith in Him. The compassion 
is amazing because he loves us all. Without redemption of our sins we could 
not live with him again because no unclean thing can dwell with God as it 
tells us in the scriptures.Yep. :)One thing--- do you believe that JESUS CHRIST is THE GOD... the ONLY TRUE 
GOD... that Jesus is God in the flesh?I LOVE THIS VIDEO!!! Just as God is the same yesterday, TODAY, and forever, 
the plan of salvation hasnt changed either. The saving principles of the 
gospel of Jesus Christ are not in flux! they do not change from day to day 
or age to age. Those SAME truths that brought salvation to the ancients 
will bring salvation to those of our day. Faith. Repentance, baptism. In 
spite of all the existing churches in Christ's time, he chose none of them. 
He built His Church. Eph. 2:19-21I love this video!!! See John chapter 17 Jesus offers the great 
intercessory prayer-He is glorified by gaining eternal life- He prayes for 
his apostles and all the saints (members of His Church) - He explains how 
He and His Father are one.if jesus is God, why would he let himself be crucified on a cross?That was a great testimoney of Jesus Christ. One day Jesus Christ will come 
again. It was a very great thing that Jesus Christ died for our sins. I 
testify that Jesus Christ had great gifts to help Jerusalum and many other 
places but not just back then but also today.Finding Faith in ChristBy the grace of Jesus Christ - our Savior.I agree!Salvation is a gift of God, made possible through the Atonement of Christ, 
and made conditional according to the things which He Himself declared. 
Though no unclean thing can enter the presence of God, and though God will 
not force us to receive eternal life if we do not want it more than 
anything else, in the end, it is a gift. As Paul says, it is "not of 
ourselves," and as the Book of Mormon prophet King Benjamin teaches, "only 
in and through the name of Christ, the Lord Omnipotent."@ alison The name of the film is Finding Faith In Christ You can find it on 
youtube by searching Sherrie Lockwood. She has it on here in 3 parts. I 
have watched it many times. It is great.I know this is trueActs 7:55-56 1+1 = 2 We are NOT polytheist, we are the church of Jesus 
Christ. Jesus Christ is its founder.We belive in the Godhead. all three being completly separate from each 
other, but one "team". There are only one that we pray to, and that is God 
the Father. we dont pray to Jesus Christ. And so that is one reason why its 
not a polytheist belif that we say we belive in. Best regards! JG