I want to come and help sometime﻿Hey! This is Fresno. Jamie taught us how to prune the vines, too. Special 
story.﻿I love working in the Vinyard! ﻿What marvelous people giving to the Lord on his day, this is what we should 
all be doing.﻿Nice!﻿Awesome, we can all step up our game.WOWHe talks a lot like Elder Bednar.Christmas isn't just about all of the gifts, sure that's a fun part of it, 
but it's not what it really means. Christmas is about the Savior. And the 
Savior told that what we do unto others, we do unto him. The Vineyard is 
really the Lord's Vineyard.@Battlestarter Peter Ferdinand Drucker (1909 – 2005) was an influential 
writer, management consultant, and self-described "social ecologist." He 
was a professor of social science and management at Claremont Graduate 
University whose school of management bears his name.I want to help im from lodi spanish 4th too! to @thebandit67 I'm from Lodi 4th branch and I like to help this Winter so 
Could You tell me a telephon number to contact the person , who is in 
charge of pruning vinesQuiero decir feliz navidad a ustedes para su buena obra :) Les quiero mucho Beautiful. I am a convert of 1 year and these videos of wonderful saints 
reminds me each time that I made the right decision. Thank you@cureloms Who is Peter F. Drucker?I'm from Merced and a member of the LDS church. I grew up going to this 
vineyard and picking the grapes. Though as I kid i wasn't allways 
"thrilled" to go, as I got older I did not mind. I no longer live in 
California, and so no longer have the opportunity to pick the grapes but i 
am glad I was able to do it while growing up.I served my mission in this ward...they are among the humblest of people 
that I know.That is the sweetest thing iv ever heard of!que historia maravillosa! A mi me encanta! Gracias por el video.@TheBandit67 Contact your Bishop or Elder's Quorum President for a Bishop's 
storehouse near your stake. All stakes have a Bishop's storehouse 
assignened to them. You can volunteer anytime you wish.This video is so amazing, I'm soo impressed with the Madeira Spanish Ward. 
Have a good new year:-)What a wondeful group of Saints! May Jesus Christo bless and keep each of 
you for pruning the vineyard of the Lord on His special day of rememberance!@cducoz i know my redeemer lives.@TheBandit67 My friend, there are literally thousands of service 
opportunities all over the country. If you specifically wanted to help at 
this vineyard, go to LDS.org and locate a ward in Madera Ca. and call the 
Bishop listed. You'll find some helpful people that will welcome you with 
open arms, you could do the same thing for the town you live in too. Take 
care and God blessBy the fruits of their labours ye shall know themI go home to California for Christmas, my home. I always wish I could do 
acts of service and not just sit around watching media. How do I volunteer 
at these vineyards or like places? Does any one know about this place or 
what opportunities do you know like this for me or others? Such a rewarding sacrifice!!@cducoz It is an arrangement of "I know that my redeemer lives" from the 
Church hymn book.please, whta's the name of the song the video is playing at the end, i love 
it!!!!may god bless these people for all their days.That's beautiful.good thing he happened to have a camera man with him to capture the moment 
or we would have missed seeing this.This makes me think . . . what present am I giving Christ for Christmas? 
Thank you!One of the best memories from my mission was going to The Lord's Vineyard 
and picking grapes. It was such an amazing experience to see all the 
members there helping and smiling while doing it. I loved that day and 
remember it every time I see raisins. Way to go Madera Spanish Ward!!!!The name of the Church is misspelled in the overlay text at the end. Not 
like the Church to make that mistake in official productions.God bless the Madera 3rd Ward!! And everyone who gives gifts to the Christ 
child this year. Feliz Navidad and Merry Christmas!!We all should strive to be like this humble ward. Their dedication to 
Christ and his work is very inspiring!!Really Powerful!!!amazing video thank you :) also happy to see my uncle in this 3:53 im glad 
he was a part of this. I love Madera. Served as an Hermana in the California Fresno Mission and 
recall riding our bikes threw "The Lord's Vineyard." AMAZING TIMES. Gracia 
a Dios por los Miembros Latinos de Madera. I had the Greatest time serving 
in the Spanish Madera Ward, under the direction of Presidente Kevin 
Whipple. My mission field! Love the San Juaqin Valley!I love the vineyard. I served in the California Fresno Mission and I loved 
going to and working in the Lord's Vineyard. It was really one of the 
greatest highlights of my mission. I served as a missionary in the Madera Spanish Ward during Christmas of 
1999. They really are a wonderful group of people that treated me like 
family during those months that I lived there. I will also never forget 
Jaime Hansen's wonderful family and the example that he was. I will forever 
be a better person for having known the people of Madera."Mormons are the only utopia that ever worked." -Peter F. DruckerWhat wonderful memories. I loved those august mornings picking grapes. The 
small spanish branch would usually have less people than every other ward 
and they would finish first and then would go help others until the work 
was done. What a fantastic example of work ethic, dedication and service. very goodRight on. Merry Christmas to the Madeira Spanish Ward! By their fruits ye shall know them... And grapes are an awesome fruit 
(literally and figuratively)!This was an awesome vid. Thank youAwesome! Love the LDS Church Vineyard! Love the Madera 3rd ward! Wow...!What better gift can we give Jesus than that of service? Too often, 
Christmas is a time when we indulge in ourselves and tend to forget what 
the day really represents. Sure we act out the nativity and sing songs and 
carols about Christ, but do we really focus on him the whole day? Thank you 
for this beautiful story! It has inspired me to change the way I think 
about this holiday and even do some service this Christmas!This is such a loving ward! what greater gift than this to our 
Savior?!...thanks for your example of charity=]Service: That is what we are all about. :)This was a great video. I grew up in the stake that picked the grapes from 
this same vinyard. There definitely is a special spirit of service present. 
I am so glad to be reminded of the love that resides there & the hard work 
that is put into helping othersIt reminds me of the parable of the widows mite. Merry Christmas and thank you all for your faith, love and devotion. Its 
amazing to see such generosity and Christ-like love.what an example of really good Christians.Right now my mother and I are relying on the Bishop's Storehouse for food, 
and I am so grateful to know that the food we are getting was so lovingly 
harvested. Thank you very much for posting this inspiring video. :)What a beautiful and inspirational video for this Christmas season! The 
whoe year should have this feeling and spirit of Christ.wow, that's an inspiring story!Worked in that vineyard for as long as I can remember, and now that I'm 
gone, I kind of miss it.this really outs Christmas in perspective. Thank you. :)DARN YOU MORMON MESSAGES! Your always getting me teared up! It's so inspiring that they would do that on Christmas, that's the true 
spirit of Christmas. I've volunteered there and I know it's hard work. 
Difficult enough to do on a regular day when they ask. But. Wow. Go Madera 
2nd!What amazing persons and awesome examples for all. I really appreciate the 
Mormon Messages subscription. Thank You! awesome.The sacrifice by the Spanish Ward brought tears to my eyes. Loves it!!!!!I love it!!!! I wish Maui had a church farm... I would be there all the 
time to help!!!!! I love this!!!!!!I couldn't help my tears. Beautiful message. For a moment I wished I could 
be there with them. Who knows maybe one day I could go on Christmas day. 
Nonetheless there is always lots to do in your own comminity. MERRY 
CHRISTMAS What a touching example of love and service. Thanks so much for sharing.This is touching. There was a time where you could seldom know what the 
Church was doing for others, but the time is right to let our light shine. 
I have to believe that the pure in heart will see in our efforts the Light 
of the Gospel.These video's never fail in making me so emotional!I'm getting my mission call this week! I hope that I may have the 
opportunity to serve with people such as these! truly amazing people.