"I now stand very aware of how it all came to be" :) Behind the riddle of 
the universe stands a family. We are that family.﻿This is truly inspirational..... as a young man it will be something I will 
strive to be.﻿the church is true..i am very thankful for the gospel that i have in my 
life....﻿Thanks to all the wonderful men in my life who nurture, protect, provide, 
encourage, uplift and are just so....constant.﻿Makes me think of the real reason I go to work.﻿The SHAYTARDS sent me here﻿Probably the most beautiful message I've ever seen, with a message for 
everyone.  There is no love like our heavenly Father's love. God bless you 
all﻿This is a choice little video anyone can watch.  Thank you.﻿stories like this just break my spirit. My husband is mormon as well, and 
were a blended family. He is constantly preaching the gospel and family, 
yet he hates his stepson (my son). we've been "working" on this issue for 5 
years but he will never change, and watching loving things like this just 
make me hate my life﻿THIS is how real father's are!  They are not the bumbling fools presented 
to us every single day on television, in ads, etc!  Stand up and be REAL 
MEN! Be REAL FATHERS!  Provide and protect and love!﻿I am not a husband or a father...yet, but I honestly can't wait!  I think 
it is very special that our Heavenly Father has given us an opportunity to 
enjoy a little bit of what He does.  I know parenthood isn't always 
glamorous, but I am pretty sure that any parent who understands their role 
wouldn't give it up for the world.﻿Love this video.﻿I love Mormon Messages! The Church is true! ﻿Any ideas on where the information for the background music can be found?﻿One of my favorites--beautiful illustration of God's love for us as our 
father.﻿My boyfriend, Elder Balledos send me this link and he said he promise to do 
the same ♥
Serving a mission helps him to become mature and understand the importance 
of being a husband and father someday ^_^﻿I can't help but have tears each time I watch this as I think about just 
how involved our Heavenly Father is in our lives, and how much we are not 
even aware of it, and how He expects us, as fathers, to be with His other 
precious children that He has given us Earthly care over.  This video is 
one of my all-time favorites.  ﻿Any chance the music to this video could be made available for download 
too?  I watch this over and over, first because the message is amazing, but 
also because the music is so delicious.  Would love to be able to listen to 
it over and over on my mp3 player.  ﻿My daughter wrote a poem for me when she was 10 years old and gave it to me 
for Father's Day. The poem looks at herself through my eyes and imagines 
moving together into the future. What amazing insight for a 10-year-old. 
The incredible thing is the foreshadowing in the stanza "As time goes by, 
you'll grow and you'll leave. As time goes by your own goals you'll 
achieve." She is now 22 and living in Stockholm.  I wrote music for her 
poem, recorded it, and gave it back to her for Christmas 2014. 
http://youtu.be/Prs00nuyq3I﻿Love this video!﻿This is a great video which reminded me that although I am often away from 
my family they are still in my heart.  Everything I do is for them and 
others I care about, just like our Heavenly Father.  There is so much to 
learn!﻿155 people haven't quite understood the blessings of righteous fatherhood.﻿<3﻿Take a look at this inspiring video made by youth in Southern California!

http://youtu.be/6LNqVtafvdA﻿Такие они настоящие отцы!﻿Great video!I don't have yet my own family but still happy and striving to learn, grow 
and doing what is right to become more strong and feel the true happiness 
with the Gospel. I feel great for those members who have their own family, 
giving full time for their own kids. I really love this video. The role of 
a father and a mother is an Eternal. Families Can Be Together Forever! One of my sons is 39 and has never married, primarily due to disability, 
and he feels the same...one of my sisters died an 'old maid', with similar 
hopes...God bless you and all those who patiently wait and hope... i dont know how i feel in this message,coz i never been had a family like 
this,to have a wonderful family is my dream but ,im unlucky .until now is 
just a dream!!!!How I wish that one day Our Heavenly Father gant my wish 
one day!Continued, That you are a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter 
Day Saints will be of great assistance to you in bringing those children 
into the light of Love and concern that Heavenly Fathers children can offer 
all of his children. Just look around you......There are children everywhere! You may not be 
responsible for their birth, but there can and will be many children that 
you become aware of that need parenting. This is not to say you would bring 
them into your household, unless that particular opportunity presents 
itself to you...but Parenting? Yes, there are and will be many children 
that come into your awareness that need to be mentored, cared about, shown 
the path towards understanding and happiness, wonderful truths....this video is great. Makes you think. Im LDS and no one does these videos 
like our church. Amazing, Cant deny that this is inspired by GOD.Awwwwww I love this video! Parenthood must be an incredible thing! :)as a gay Mormon, this video brings me a lot of sadness knowing that I might 
not have the opportunity to be a father in this life. But it also bolsters 
my faith. I know that in some way I can, whether it be now or in the 
eternities. The Plan of Salvation is real, folks. He has provided the way. 
All we have to do is walk.I am so grateful!I love with all I am, being a Latter-day Saint. "I will be their protector, I will be their gentle friend." No words to 
describe how meaningful this video is to me. So inspiring,so beautiful.this video is amazing. Makes you think. Im a father, every single father 
should see this video. LDS.ORG I'm not a Mormon, but this video is beautiful. This video shows the good 
that comes out of religion. These days people always just focus on the bad.true family man~ and this was well shot =] love it!This video struck home, it gave me the realization that i not only have a 
family here on earth and in heaven but when i come home from any kind of 
day, and the feelings i have cannot be compared to returning home in 
Heaven. I can't wait to return home! :)It's a good question. Mormons or Latter-Day Saints as we call ourselves are 
Christians. We may not be Catholic or Protestant but we believe in God the 
Father, Jesus Christ as our savior. We believe in following the principles 
that Christ established while he was on the earth. This is why we consider 
ourselves to be Christians. There are a lot of misconceptions about The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, so let me just refer you to 
Mormon.org . Hope that answers your questionIt's a great question. I would suggest going to Mormon.org. You can get 
your questions answered there.Mormons are Christians. The most significant difference is that Mormons 
believe there is another testament of Jesus Christ called "The Book of 
Mormon." There are other differences, but that's where it all stems from.I think it's mostly that we believe in The Book of Mormon, which is another 
testament of Jesus Christ, in addition to the Bible, whereas Christians 
believe only in the Bible. Mormon.org has a lot of common questions and 
answers about the church. Check it out :) This may sound dumb to some people but it's just something that has been 
picking at my brain for some time. I grew up in a family where my 
grandparents are Christians, and well I just want to know what is the 
difference between Mormons and Christians?Shaytards brought me here!so sweatThe Shaytards brought me here. Im glad i came! :) <3 The Shaytards brought me here. Im glad i came! :) <3i came from shaytards@Bibles you don't know much about women's role in Christianity then. God 
bless.shaytards brought me here,Yepp, the Christians gave Men more "power" that's how they won over so many 
people were i am from, up in Scandinavia, before men and women was equal in 
the Nordic mythology. But the Christians wanted them to batiste so they 
then preaching about the important roll of the Man and how the woman was 
almost a slave. True Fact/Old History, u can say anything about the 
Christian Church but they sure knew how to get people on there side. And 
this is how it was in the beginning now how it is to day.Shaytards sent me!! This was a very heart warming video...as a father it 
hit home.What do you think of?What do you think of muslims?SHAYTARDS :)Shaytards :)shaytards sent me here!Shaycarl brought me here :) This is amazing.shaycarl sent me here :)Very inspirational :-)Simply amazing. Watching this you can't help but feel a swell of emotions 
coming from this video. An example of a father, the humility of being a son 
and perpetuating the enflurane of his father, and a recognition of the work 
of the father of us all. What joy he must have seeing us grow. We can 
imagine the joy from our earthly father, what joy and sorrow and love flows 
from one where all of this originates?Men and women are equal in every way. One cannot exist without the other. 
The only difference are they are assigned different rolls. Women are a huge 
stronghold in the church and without them, Heavenly Father's plan would not 
work. Someone told me, out of all the things God created, He saved the best 
for last, and that was Eve. Women are very important! Don't think just 
because there's a video about men that women aren't as important. If 
anything, they're even more! what an inspiration coming from this video message! does anyone know if 
there is a russian translation of this ? thanks