that child was on the safest & most blessed place in Jesus' arms 😊﻿Come let us reason together. Let's all come together as followers of 
Christ. Let us show the world all the good we can do through service. I 
know that my redeemer lives and He loves me and you. I look forward to the 
day when I can see him again.﻿Прикольно. )) А как это у Вас получилось?﻿These vids touch me in many ways.﻿Jesus is real if you want to know to know the truth if he is real read the 
bible﻿I sometimes have troubles beliving in god & jesus.﻿I cried so hard for no reason (becose i dont believe in jesus or god much)﻿I really love this video. I love this parable. I'm understanding more of 
the way he teaches. Even though he spoke in that day to what people 
understood and comprehend. He likes for us to think and figure it out. He 
speaks in riddles for us to learn. I understand if hand offend cut if off 
part of parable more. Hes saying don't like it change it. Repent. It's 
better to entered mauled. I understood as don't like it fix it before you 
get her. You might not be perfect but you can change what hurts you. Repent 
and enter in. I understand even more. People look for word for word but he 
wants us to think outta a box. The way I see apply to life. My thinking he 
really doesn't want us to cut off a hand and throw it in the fire. How can 
this be changed. Repent. Try and change being put through refiners fire. 
Turn away from sin and make a new hand. Change the thing you want to 
change. Just wanted to share. Hope it helps someone.﻿HossANA in the Highest!!!!﻿ Matthew 18:10 Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones; for 
I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my 
Father which is in heaven.
Despise not a little one
As their angels given
Behold the face of the Son
Instead you might listen...
Alma 32:23
23 And now, he imparteth his word by angels unto men, yea, not only men but 
women also. Now this is not all; little children do have words given unto 
them many times, which confound the wise and the learned.﻿God Knows I wish I could stay as a Child for enternate God loves us He 
knows we still have a chance to change﻿It means to have clean thoughts, actions, deeds and repents of sin and 
continue to choose clean thoughts, deeds for the rest of your life. Don't 
do anything a child should not do. Protect yourself as you protect a child.﻿THE VERSES BELOW ARE A LESSON TO ALL CHRISTIANS FIGHTING ONE AGAINST OTHER.
IF WE LEARN TO LOVE ONE ANOTHER INDEED WE WILL BE DICIPLES OF JESUS CHRIST. 
38 And John answered him, saying, Master, we saw one casting out devils in 
thy name, and he followeth not us: and we forbad him, because he followeth 
not us. 39 But Jesus said, Forbid him not: for there is no man which shall 
do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me. 40 For he that 
is not against us is on our part.﻿♡﻿