Such a beautiful talk.﻿Started from the Bottom now I'm Mormom Wow... This has to be the coolest, most inspirational video I have ever 
seen! Excellent Message!haha Ugh, creationism.I can't begin to tell you how true this is...I remember when I heard this for the first time, it amazed me, we are 
creatures here to create, after our Father & brother, Jesus, the beginiing 
of creation... There is no reason to be mired in a rut of traditional thinking. Be 
inspired by the spirit and CREATE!This clip is from the talk "Happiness, Your Heritage." For those of you who 
are interested in watching the full thing, you can see it by typing the 
title into youtube or read it at lds.orgY'know what, Mormons, you guys are alright ^_^ I'm an atheist, and a pretty 
staunch one at that, but listening to you, I have found that it's wrong to 
write something off merely because of its label. It just so happens that a 
goodly chunk of what y'all have to say JUST MAKES SENSE! I can't agree with 
literally all of it, but I'll tell ya what, I'm feeling mighty inspired 
thanks to y'all, and especially thanks to a dear friend of mine among your 
number. Thank goodness you folks are around! What is the name of the piano song ?does it have subtitle of this vedioWHAT IS THE PIANO SONG!? IT'S BEAUTIFULIf it is God's will and if you are doing a Good Work, then you will succeed 
in each goal that you under take. Faith plus Good Work = blessings.That was actually a very cool videowow this really moved me, I am not Mormon, but I am Christian and this 
message moved deep within my soul-as to Create is my life message...Me too :))This message has made me so happy. I first heard it at Oakcrest and it 
changed my entire perspectiv of myself.The church continues to lift my 
spirits and make me feel good about myself. I love this gospel!:D73 people need to think again...Thanks Stokemeister! Mormons are a good bunch overall. :D They keep trying. 
All the best to you :DAll spirits want the truth, and the holy ghost will always testify truth to 
those who are open to it's promptings. we have learned these things, and 
they will always have a power that only truth may wield. so inspiringMy goal is to CREATE limitations into possibilities. What is your goal to 
create?So did I...simple, but powerful message...we just forget in the day-to-day 
slog. Not a Latter Day Saint. That is an impressive and well-communicated message.I love this, so much. Saw this at young women's today...absolutely inspiring! Yeah someone please could give me a link of the name of this song? is soo 
beatuful!Get video, I introduce it to a friend who use it for a sunday school lesson 
in a presbyterian church last week and the congregation love it. Amazing 
what truth comes to mind when watching it! I love the music in this video, does anyone know who made it? I LOVE this piece... I cried so much the first time I heard it. I 
particularly think of the capacity that we, as women, have to create in a 
partnership with the Lord. We are able to create the bodies required for 
each spirit to come down and gain earthly experience. As mothers, we have a 
responsibility to help other spirit sons and daughters of our Heavenly 
Father fulfill their second estate. I love this talk, and I look forward to 
such marvelous creation. <3This is my favorite talk. This video has always carried meaning for me. So 
I chose to click the link and read the entire address. As I was reading, I 
couldn't stop sobbing the whole time. I love all of Uchtdorf's talks, they 
carry so much value that penetrates to the very core of my soul. I am so 
very grateful for gods infinite blessings in my life such as prophets and 
leaders to guide us, for bodies, for animals and for nature. I implore you 
to apply this talk in your life and hold it sacred.So grateful for modern day righteous leaders! i love the comments of my favorite mormon message video..=)Such a good video!! I love President Uchtdorf!!I love reading comments on these videos about non-members and how the 
message in the video touched them. These videos truly reach out to everyone!Someone give me the name of this song it just touch my hearthWhat do you guys think - what are examples of creation and creativity in 
the scriptures? (besides of course God, Christ and the Creation) Any ideas?I love listening to our leaders,there is so much guidence and council for 
us to live by.Pres,Uchtdorf has a way of reaching the inner soul to draw 
out the best in us.We just need to search the scriptures and pray daily for 
the guidence that we need in our lives.I can feel Heavenly Fathers spirit when our leaders speak to 
us,Pres.Uchtdorf has a special way of reaching to the inner soul to bring 
out the best in us.You can feel his love for the Savior and us as Heavenly 
Fathers Children,I pray that i will always follow the council we are given 
by our beloved leaders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.@MIMIANG1 me too he really is a good speaker The more you trust and rely upon the spirit, the greater you capacity to 
create. That's the key.I'm not Mormon, but I am Christian. These words speak volumes to me because 
I am an Artist. This message motivates my again and again. It really is great stuff!I just love you President Dieter F Ucdorf . @SUDmilaLDS Eu tambem gosto muito a musica, e muito linda, e tambem essa 
mensagem! Amazing music.Eu amo essa mensagem! Um de meus favoritos! gostaria de saber onde 
encontrar a música, é linda!Would anyone happen to know the music that is being played in this 
video...? :)I love this message. It fills me with awe and wonder. I think all women 
should know this message no matter what they believe. It's beautiful. I 
would really love to know what this song is also! especially if I could get 
sheet music for piano or at least get an mp3 of it! "You may say I'm not the creative type. If that's how you feel, think 
again" @igotarubberchicken. Thank you for your comments. Your sincere comments 
were nicely expressed. Fantastic message. We sometimes had heard it on our conferences but don't 
get the real meaning of it. With the music and the images...was created a 
diamond. Pres. Uctdorf is just a man who happens to be a special witness and Apostle 
of the Lord Jesus Christ. Give the glory to God for his ability and 
capacity to create!I want to know what this song is too!!! Does anyone know what the music is 
in the background of this???????what a great message. Keep up the good work mormons.I am a Design Engineer and a gift of Designing complicated Mechanism. I 
believe what what President Uchtdorf said, that we have the capacity to 
create things like our Heavenly Father. what is that music! I want to be able to play it on the piano! is there a 
way you could post the artist or the composer?zwhat is that music!!!/??!! it's so good! does anyone know?Very inspirationalI LOVE THIS VIDEO ITS SAYS A LOT AND GIVES ME ENCOURGEMENT AS A MORMON AND 
I LOVE JESU CHRIST ALWAYSwhat music is playing in background? I love it!This video is breathtaking inspirational! I have NEVER seen a video like 
this in my entire life! I love it so much! Thank you, MormonMessages!!!@LivingOnVideo13 "by their fruits ye shall know them" "every good tree 
bringeth forth good fruit"Was this music created (;D) specifically for this video, or is it an 
independent song? Does anyone know?that baby in 0:55 is so cutethis Definitely builds up confidence!More people need to hear this! i put it on my channel! Come on people, help 
each other! use technology to spread this message! We are all children of 
god, we all deserve to hear his messages!what is this music in this i would love to learn to play this and I need 
the name! thanksI love these Mormon Messages Videos. Wonderful.The first time I heard a message from him I felt that he is an apostle of 
God. I have been member of this church since i was a child and he made my 
testimony more powerful, he lifted up my spirit, he made me feel close to 
God, he makes me follow Jesus Christ, he inspires me.i love it! this brightend my dayy <3i love the message in this video. President Deiter F. Uchtdorf is such a 
good speaker!I have watched this video at least 20 times. What a powerful message and 
what a powerful speaker President Uchtdorf is. We are only truly happy when we are in the process of accomplishment. This 
video beautifully expresses the magnificience of doing something thats 
creative!I love itI love it...Great video about the temples. The temples are great blessings to all of us.I Just adore this video and especially the quick pic of the little girl 
with the crayon in her mouth! That is just priceless to me.Amen. Create!!There was another Apostle Elder Neil A. Maxwell wrote the article 
"Creativity" (Aug 1982) which was then adapted/ shorted into a piece titled 
"Start Making Chips" (Sep 1998). The core of the talk was that you can't 
create something until you start, that our creativity glorifies God, and 
that creative breakthroughs in any field helps us understand and see God's 
work in the universe. The talk used here is "Happiness, Your Heritage". All 
are available on LDS . org in the Gospel Library.Watched it like a hundred times over the last 6 months. Love it every time!Is it not remarkable to think that your very spirits are fashioned by an 
endlessly creative and eternally compassionate God? THINK ABOUT IT.love it!!!@09LaNina so true i love it everytime i do listen I wanna do better@igotarubberchicken it is i love this msg