Sad most people pass this up because the fact it's on a religious channel. 
Even as a non believer this is pretty powerful. Great way of how to help 
people with depression. Not one word of how Jesus or any religious being 
can help you, but how we can help each other. Just talking is all it takes. 
Why are we afraid to talk?﻿why does this have dislikes﻿Incase anyone is wondering what your worth is... remember this... even if 
you don't believe it right now. You do not need to wait for ANYONE to tell 
you what you are worth. You are not an item that's needs to be appraised 
and put up for auction waiting for someone to buy you with what they are 
willing to pay for you. You have already been appraised and bought. 
Appraised by Heavenly Father who is the Father of YOUR Spirit and bought 
with the life and blood of Jesus Christ. No one else but Him has that kind 
of buying power and He paid FULL price for YOU, me, and for everyone so 
that no one else could buy our souls for less than what we are really 
worth. Believe that, no matter how hard it is to believe right now... have 
hope that it's true, it will grow into faith and then into a rock solid 
testimony.﻿Depression's a cruel thing. Not just for those who contemplate taking their 
own life, but for those who may not believe in it, yet have still given up 
on life and wish something might happen. Everyone has something they want 
to live for, but finding it amidst depression can be a struggle.﻿Which of his talks is this one from?﻿A lot of people that are in these times I believe sometimes forget about 
those they will leave. My father decided that it would be best to end his 
own life last year, and the effect on myself and all others around him 
(even my mom which they had separated when I was 2.) is unending and a dark 
that is darker than most have experienced possibly in their entire life. 
"The affect you have on others is the most valuable currency there is."﻿I could not stop crying during this video. I used to struggle with a 
feeling of hopelessness and isolation throughout grade, middle, and some of 
highschool. I remember telling my parents about it, but they didn't believe 
me. There have been some days when I just wanted to get my life overwith. 
Even in church, I would feel like I didn't belong there and nobody cared 
about me. Only now do I realize I was wrong all along.﻿Thank you so much for this video... I really needed it. ﻿https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_lHPU-USX0


Depression and Suicide awareness. Please check it out. Please.﻿Sometimes though, just someone talking talking talking is the wrong thing. 
Or what they say makes it worse. Not their fault really, but often it's not 
what you would think is wrong.﻿a powerful video which touched my heart!﻿A really close friend has done this for me. I'm forever grateful. He knows, 
but I don't think he understands the impact he's had.

I love him like he's my brother. Mainly, because we always have been, we 
just didn't know it.﻿A new LDS book that covers pain that is very inspirational called "Racer 
Jay Dobbs" at amazon. The whole family will enjoy it.﻿My sister in law lost a friend this way, crying wondering what she could 
have done or how she could have known how he felt. It didn't hit me until 
someone I only knew a couple months took his own life. We had recently 
talked deeply about how his actions earlier affected others in a negative 
way, and the reality that things would never seem "normal" again the rest 
of our life. I wondered if the talk was too negative, and I should have 
tried harder to find the positive in a situation where sin lead to 
life-long consequences. I wondered why I let someone else direct the 
conversation in a way that sounded so hopeless that someone who really 
cared about people would think his life was now without hope.

So here is the new talk.

The Savior has not given his life without the intention to heal us in every 
way--all of us, no matter how harmful we behaved before. He is not come 
only to say "I forgive you" but to change everything so that our 
consequences in this life are only temporary, and even those offended or 
murdered can be healed completely. No scars. Everyone, both past offenders 
and the offended, have available the power to live together again in peace 
because of the power of redemption and forgiveness.

It was never about what we did, but whom we desire to become if we could 
change. Not even the strongest or nicest person here can make it on their 
own. All of us need the Savior, Jesus Christ, for this to be possible. 
Thanks to Him, it is possible now. This life is the time to learn, and to 
endure to the end. Avoiding honesty is not enduring, and giving up is not 
enduring, but if I will repeat the prayer in my heart and continue trying 
to change myself and not give up, then even though soon I will die, I have 
hope of living again not to return in my sorrow but return with hope to be 
made whole. I can live again with happiness instead of the sorrows of this 
mortal life. I believe in Christ!﻿truly "action speaks louder than words" =) ...﻿:)﻿I see now
I feel the same of others﻿