Some of the children's comments are really amazing, and quite profound, 
aren't they? Just goes to show that The Spirit can and does touch their 
young lives, also.  They are all so precious, loving, and original; and, 
there is so much hope for them, as long as we help them:  by setting a good 
example for them....let's do it.﻿Happy Holidays!! There Mormons.the little boys dimples!! :D i want dimples thats what thanks giving is for broto me christmas is the celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ Our Savior. 
he was persecuted for things he did not do. he was rejected by his people 
as the Messiah and they crucified him. three days later, he arose from the 
dead. about 40 days later he ascended into heaven to go and prepare a place 
in his Father's house for us. he is returning soon! God Bless and Merry 
Christmas to All!I agree, for the most part. Even though St. Nick is no longer around, the 
spirit of St. Nick certainly is. Christmas isn't about the presents, but 
the message of giving, that is should be focused on with presents, is a 
part of the Christmas message. All Christians have to do is focus on the 
giving aspect of presents and less on the receiving. Be nice, be generous, 
it will make you feel better about yourself. Share the love of God and 
don't focus on the commercialization of Christmas. God is good"i'd like to give jesus the gift of keeping the commandments" thats the 
gift he cherishes most i reckonI love it I love how the girl's telling her sister the story <3@jzwillows "Christians, are to do good to everyone even Santa. Why be 
against Santa? He brings gifts & is jolly & nice." I hope that was tongue 
in cheek. While santa is based on a true person from a LONG time ago, he no 
longer exists and as such is not able to "bring gifts." This video is a 
true example of how this character has all but replaced Christ in many 
families and TOTALLY in most. The current santa is a total distraction.christmas isnt about getting gifts its about being with your family and 
being happy,gifts just help making you and your family more connected.merry 
christmas everyone.Chrismas is when i cry cuz im jewish"I'd love him and give him toys."It's a video about sweet young kids being happy for christmas, who dislikes 
this?! WHO!?!?I wanted to write here My favorite parts! but I can't I just loved ALL the 
video! sooo cute:)@AliceElphabaWonka Christians, are to do good to everyone even Santa. Why 
be against Santa? He brings gifts & is jolly & nice. Seriously, Christians 
are against letting Santa Clause replace the true meaning of Christmas. As 
stated by Mormon, D. F. Uchtdorf, in a Christmas message titled, "Can We 
See the Christ?", "The glitter of the season should never dim our sight and 
prevent us from truly seeing the Prince of Peace in His majesty." from 
LDS.orgI'm glad that we get to e reminded why the Savior Himself, Jesus Christ 
loves and blessed the children. Why do we sometimes make things harder then 
they need to be? Merry CHRISTmas EVERY one. "Baby Jesus makes me happy." I love it.perfeitoo...aww cute!that was very nice. Merry Christmas!!This was So beautiful! Thank you for posting those gifts from our Father in 
Heaven!Let it be a time that lights the eyes of children and puts laughter on 
their lips. - President Monson, Christmas devotionalThis is awesome! wow.. sweeeeetttso cute merry christmas to allI love this! The little girl that says "and that led them to Jesus" was my 
favorite.What is it they say about the pure in heart seeing God? This is lovely.I LOVE this so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Que tiernooooos!! :D@AliceElphabaWonka No not at all. Santa Clause is actually based on a 
religious figure, St. Nicholas. What religious people do believe how ever 
is putting Christ first when it comes to Christmas. ChristWas LoveLovely!!!!! <3 I love my church!!!!!!i love this video.SOOOO CUTEEEE!!!! You can always tell who is nearer to the Savior, and it isn't adults.2:21 to 2:25This is why I believe...Aren't religious people against the idea of Santa Clause?? 2:01 THE CUTEST THING E V E R :))))A truly great video! Very inspirational for all sorts of people. 
Thanks..and thanks to the kids!@jonsothin It is an arrangement by David Tolk of "I Saw Three Ships"aaww they are sooo adorable(: Jesus is happy 4dhiz....=)Beautiful. Kids are the best. My kids loved watching this with me. Thank 
you, Mormon Messages! Keep them coming!does anyone knows where can i find this video with portuguese subtitles??I love these videos. They remind me what's important. Children often speak great things. We can always learn from them if we 
humbly listen.kids are so amazin and remindin us that Christmas is about our Saviors 
birth .. Merry Christmas and let us GIVE more this Christmas <3AWESOME!! Children have so much more to teach us then we give them credit. Their 
message here is absolutely wonderful :) anyone know who plays the song in the background?great messageMerry Christmas! May there truly be peace on Earth and good will towards 
men this joyous Christmas season, and let's show our love for the children, 
just as Jesus would if He were here. Cute, cute, cute, cute!!!2:12 - 2:18 ... be still my heart! the purity of this young boy's message 
is exemplary and commendable :)These kids are so cute, I love how simple their message was.that was so adorable!Thumbs Up All Mormons!merry CHRISTmas everyone!!And a child shall lead them...