Today  is an emotional day for me , I know that months after will be the 
same as today is.

I am a human being in who is spiritual , even a spiritual person as I am 
dose slip up for I know we are not perfect , we all are human beings & we 
are not ones to have all the answers for that is why we are on this planet 
for we are here to learn of all things , we can ask as many questions as we 
do as little children& even as our children , for those who do not yet have 
children will ask as well. 

We are are still children of Heavenly Father , he knows that we will slip 
up on , about many things,

We are asked  by Heavenly Father in our saviors name that we do stand in 
belief of , about ourselves , with in ourselves.

Remember: For those that have lack in faith , belief may they ask of 
Heavenly Father in prayer in  our Saviors name.

I know that there is spiritual beings that loves us all , who are with us 
all no matter what , how we go through things in each of our lives even if 
we do not believe ,feel that &  have a hard time to believe both Heavenly 
Father & our Savior is with us.

For we all have trials with in our lives , I know that we can feel things 
are hopeless , hard , not able to deal with it in a positive way , manor 
but we can as long as we we have faith , belief in ourselves , in Heavenly 
Father , Our Savior Jesus Christ.

And we all can ask Heavenly Father  in prayer in the name of of Our Savior 
Jesus Christ.
For they will help us with the troubles we ave , are dealing with , going 
through , that we will be going through.

Even if we have hate & self doubt  in ourselves & in  our hearts about or 
for , or towards anything or anyone or both , beyond that no matter what 
the reasons are or were  for we can get that clear out of with in us for it 
is that Heavenly Farther will help us , will clear the hate that we have 
even the thoughts of hate , revenge.

For all things of thought , feelings that are negative will be wiped clean 
, out of us , out of our minds , thoughts & be replaced with all things 
that are loving , caring , of good , many other positive emotional things 
that are helpful not only to , for us but also for others.

We will one day be with Heavenly Father , Our Savior Jesus Christ thus we 
need to know that all he asks is that we do the things that we all find 
hard , more then at times more then tend to ignore , what that is follow 
the commandments , nay lose faith ,love, belief with in ourselves, in Him , 
his only begotten son in who gave his life for our sins , transgressions , 
so that we will be with the both of them again as we once were before we 
came to this planet & given these  mortal bodies.

And read scriptures daily , try to do so weekly , pray to Heavenly Father 
in Our Saviors name every morning afternoon , night before we slumber / 
sleep every night for he will answer our prayers in , on his own time , 
have no worries for he will answer you of what ye prays to him as you talk 
with him again in our Saviors name.

When we have sin'd we will know with in us that we have not done what he 
would want us to do, have asked of us for we will feel that we must kneel 
down as we do as we all pray for we are asked to repent , we will feel with 
in ourselves even at times without notice to do so even in repentance in 
asking for Heavenly Fathers forgiveness in our saviors name , it is his 
promise that what ever we ask in repentance that we have sin'd for it will 
be wiped clean , forgiven , will not be remembered no more...

We must all remember that no matter what we do , how we do it , how we go 
about many things even the reaction of many things , people we will nay 
walk alone for both Heavenly Father , Our Savior will always walk with us 
so we are never really alone.

I ask all that are reading this to take heed of what is , was said , 
welcome both Heavenly Father , Our Savior Jesus Christ , the Ho;y Spirit 
with in us , in our Hearts , you will feel comforted , strong spiritually , 
emotionally , never be afraid to cry it is okay to cry no matter who you 
are both Female , Male & W will feel spiritually enlightened with in us to 
start , eventually many others that we encounter , that we talk with , walk 
by will see it even from a distance.

I know that what is said , was said is true , will always be true & for I 
know that it is , for I say what was , is said in the name of Our Savior 
Jesus Christ  ( Amen )...﻿Is a very inspired man﻿Words of truth that can certainly be applied to anyone going through hard 
times.  I know this to be true.﻿Visitenos por favor a la esta a de San Fernando en Los AngelesExcellent, as usual. 