I'm so lucky to have a chance to learn in seminaryI appreciate Hannah's testimony nice and simple but profound regarding the 
Savior, Jesus Christ. Early Morning Seminary was a great opportunity to 
strive for the best to have to wake early and to strengthen your testimony 
of Jesus Christ. Even though a testimony is based upon Faith. Something 
that you believe (hope) is true. I appreciate Hannah's testimony nice and simple but profound regarding the 
Savior, Jesus Christ. Early Morning Seminary was a great opporunity.When I attended seminary myself, we just had once per week but it learned 
to love especially one much overlooked book; the old testament. Later I had 
the oppurtunity to teach seminary for 2 years; 4 times per week, it has 
been an even greater blessing to teach.I am so glad that I went to early morning seminary. I am so grateful for my 
mom who told me to go even when I was sick and didn't want to go. Seminary 
helped me get a better understanding of what the Gospel is all about and I 
am so grateful for that. Seminary gave a rudder for my whole life. I attended "early morning 
srminary" in the 60's. Thay is where I got my trstimony, where I committed 
never to get a tatoo, where I decided to go on a mission, and whete I 
recieved a desire to be married in the temple. All of those goals were met, 
and that was 50 years, 7 children and 23 grandchildren ago. I think it is 
time for another mission.There never is a day we don't affect the lives others, never a day we don't 
'become' something far more than we can imagine even in small ways. Thanks 
to a 14-year old girl, a freshman and high school friend of my mom's first 
year there, she would, after another 25-years, call and ask missionaries to 
visit us. That was 1969. Baptized two-years later, followed by missions to 
many areas of the globe, many temple weddings, repeated then by mom's 
grandchildren. Never underestimate who you are. TomI was able to be there in person during the conference. :) Wonderful 
experience.I wish I could have done alittle better in seminary. It would have helped 
me prepare for my mission. But that's what the MTC is for, right?! Ha@csarth este video en español por podcast en iTunes ¨seminario centenario¨For French search for commemoration seminaire, for Portuguese search for 
comemoracaot seminario, for Spanish search for conmemoracion 
seminario...etc. in iTunesThis video is available as a video podcast in English, Spanish, Portuguese, 
French, and many other languages. Search for "commemorating seminary" in 
your favorite language in iTunes!como no me gustaria que estuviese por lo menos subtitulado Wow...GO CANADA!I wish I had taken seminary more seriously... I didn't appreciate it enough 
at the time.Seminary was awesome for me! I really have a lot to be greatful of that 
beautiful program to my Heavenly Father! Seminary is great. When it's part of your day at school at you dont have to 
wake up at 4:50 to be at seminary for 5:20.Seminary is wonderful! I'm so glad to have it as a part of my daily life!