What's the name of this movie ?﻿the Jews let Barabbas go free. Barabbas is a convicted murderer and a 
robber and according to Roman law we put those guys to death. when Pilate 
asked "who should I send you?" the crowd shouted "Give Us Barabbas!" then 
Pilate said "What Should I do with Jesus?" the crowd shouted "Crucify Him 
Crucify Him Crucify Him!" Pilate said that the Savior did no wrong and 
washed his hands and by the end of the day the Savior was on the cross and 
died.﻿i feel like the modern day Barabbas..im the guilty and i get set free while 
the Just One ..Lord Jesus gets crucified...talk about the love of GodWhen morning had come, Jesus was bound And brought before Pontius Pilate 
Many questions were asked, but naught could be found When the crowd heard, 
they became violent Now because of the feast they all had a say Of one who would be allowed to 
go free The false one they chose, named Barabbas, that day Complaining 
Jesus was guilty of blaspheme Clearly, they prevailed, for the tumult they 
made Pontius called for the water as per the Jewish custom Thus before all, 
he washed his hands of the blame And the people said, "His blood be upon us 
and our children."They looked and saw the place, where linen lay He had risen, He was gone, 
just as they had said They were given to tell the disciples without delay 
For He had left for Galilee, and was already ahead Oh how they ran to bring 
His disciples word At the news both fear and joy filled their hearts They 
marveled to see the resurrected Lord! Each wanting to do what was asked as 
their partI preferred the video with the earlier audio. Washing his hands was a symbol.All according to God's will - If Jesus had not been sent to suffer and die, 
we would not be forgiven! The most ironic part is that Barabbas (meaning "son of the father") was 
actually guilty of what The Son of The Father was accused of - treason, 
murder, and revolt against the Roman rule.The Roman Empire had a policy of showing tolerance towards the religions of 
the people they conquered to keep from angering the gods the conquered 
people worshiped (pagan cultures often believed in more than just their own 
gods). Pilate had grossly violated this policy from the moment he came to 
Judea, and had committed many other atrocities as well. If word got back to 
Rome of what he had done his position and life would both be in danger, so 
he did what was wanted to avoid being reported.My seminary teacher is holding Pilate's washing basin!He was a politician. He acted accordingly. It had to be done.Pilate's hands were never filthier than after he washed them...excellent. 