God Lives!  I know that through, by, and because of the Atonement anyone 
can be freed and cleansed from whatever addiction. Faith, as we center our 
lives on Faith in Christ, unto prayer, daily and that consistently along 
with daily Book of Mormon study, we will receive strength to overcome, and 
we will feel God's awesome and personal Love.﻿Satan works at his fly and lead
To hook you into addiction
But you can be transformed and freed
The atonement is your protection﻿Inspirational. Seek and you will find:)﻿Great message full of hope.﻿You have my prayers! May you continue to be blessed as you work through 
your recovery with the help of Christ's mercy and love.I am a 17 year old who goes to an inner city school in Las Vegas. This has 
inspired me. Hopefully I can teach some of my friends this message aswell. God is a part of my life foreverIt truly is a war, and there may not be actual weapons, but is more 
important to win than any physical battle will be. I hope you are still 
winning your battles and carrying on. Men who overcome this addiction are 
just like the soldiers that we know that keep us safe from our enemies. 
There are people praying for you. praise God Powerful message .... Just remember that nothing that is worth it is ever easy. But it's worth 
the effort. The courage you're showing in admitting your faults and in 
turning to the Lord for His help is commendable. Keep on fighting, don't 
you give up, because Heavenly Father will bless you greatly, and you'll 
know happiness greater than you ever thought possible.good luck friend, it won't be easy, but remember there is a lot more 
cheering you on than there is pulling you down It's so hard to let go and do God's will and not my own. Having the 
atonement is not enough-I have to release my sins and addictions and fully 
accept God's plan for me. I'm having trouble letting go of the control. I 
pray for guidance and strength.I need help before I go beyond being saved. I have time to change as im 
young still but im scared to do the right thing. doing wrong is easyer. if 
I don't stop drugs and drink soon I'll be dead by the age of 30. I will 
repent 1st. my first prayer in a year. wish me luck.Thank you for leaving this comment. Can you explain to me how you recovered 
from this?Society generally calls it Conscience. Latter Day Saints call it The Light 
of Christ. "The Light of Christ is the divine energy, power, or influence 
that proceeds from God through Christ and gives life and light to all 
things. The Light of Christ influences people for good and prepares them to 
receive the Holy Ghost. One manifestation of the Light of Christ is what we 
call a conscience." Search "The Light of Christ" on lds.org and mormon,org 
if you're interested in learning more. :)there is always hope ! the atonement of Jesus Christ makes all things 
possible set aside your pride and open your heart to gods loving spirit and 
his son Jesus the Christ the giver of true joy and happiness .Well done mate. The Lord wants you to be happy, and he'll bless you for 
being strong :)and where does that come from..........the ability to look inside and and 
make a judgement as to what is right or wrong, in any facet of this life on 
this specific earth, in this vast universe. Where does that come from????Whether you believe it or not, God is real and he gave us all the freedom 
to choose for ourselves. It's wonderful that you can believe in your 
ability to do or get our of anything on your own. However, I promise you 
that there is one thing that is certain...You will meet God face to face 
one day! That's is a definite!!!What many people don't sometimes realize is that addiction doesn't just "go 
away" because we stop doing something. The only way to overcome addiction 
is to constantly stay vigilant in fighting it. Once Satan knows your vice, 
he will try to keep pushing you to it. Just like Satan though, the Lord 
will always try to be near us as well. It is and always has been and will 
be our decision to choose who we will go to.I'd be happy to discuss that with you if you're still curious.Only the addicted trout.Good for you man! You are beging to start your road of eternal Happiness Pspheaven, I'm glad that you have found happiness through Christ, don't 
give up. He will strengthen your weaknesses. The church is true:)I wish you well in life and hope you can find Jesus some day.I wanted to change my life, find what I was missing. Do what my friends did 
in life. Starting last year I decided I wanted to regain what I thought I 
was missing, I began drinking, I had prepared to try Marijuana and other 
drugs along with per-marital sexual relations. I thought these things would 
improve my life. Since then I've been visited by missionaries. I no longer 
drink, I've lost all interest in drugs and per-marital sex. I have welcomed 
Christ into my life, and I couldn't be happier!If been on drugs for 20 years give or take opiates of every type and others 
through god and Jesus and pray any addiction can b broken trust in him and 
love him as he loves youHelp is available in many many cities from the LDS Addiction Recovery and 
Healing Program. This site may provide more information. 
addictionrecovery.lds.orgcomments may be held for uploader approval....uh huh!come on guys....use your heads. Open your minds and hearts. We know what is 
right. No church can tell you this. All churches have their own ideas. Use 
your own head and look around. This is the only life we have, of course we 
want it to be the best we can live. You don't need anyone or any church to 
tell you what that is. Look inside and you will know right from wrong.May you continue on the road to healthy and wholesome living. By the grace 
and mercy of God, and thru the Atonement of Jesus Christ, I have been clean 
& sober since 1992. Am I tempted to return to what is easier? Always! 
However, the goal is to keep our eyes on Him who gives us the everlasting 
peace. God bless you, Geno! Hw is your friend doug? Im just wondering cause i used to have problem as 
well with addictionsYes so very true. A tempoary cop out that will not destory and possibly 
kill you, but destory the lives of your love ones.You know when the bible says greater than he that is in you(god) than he 
that is in the world(satan). Resit the devil and he will flee. He is a very 
weak foe and is all talk. He works on your flesh. He's no match for your 
god born spirit. Id like to refr you to a book called The promise book. Its 
about 300 or so pages but it has diffrent topics with certain scripture on 
faith, loniness, protections god's love etc. Its awesome and helps me in my 
walk in this world everywhere i go.My dear sister brittany. Its good that you are drinking non alcoholic beer 
and i comend you for that. Pray to the lord that you can even put that 
down, even if its a cooler. In the back of your carnal mind, the enemy will 
at some point want to tempt you back into beer. I had a drug problem, but i 
never smoked or drink. Satan attacks us with his own vices that he know we 
will most likely give into. Porn is a problem for many and i once had a 
problem with that and masterbation.oh shay..You don't need religion...you need to realize YOU YOURSELF have the power 
to change whatever you want in your life. If you can't do it on your own, 
no imaginary friend is going to help you. does smoking weed count as addiction? (not trying to troll just curious 
about the subject) In this modern time,we don't need religion to scare us into practicing good 
morals for rewards in the afterlife.I believe the rewards of being a good 
person are enjoyed in this life.It is naive to believe we survive the death 
of our brains and have a conscious afterlife.To willfully remain blissfully 
ignorant to the the facts of life and the universe and our own logic and 
intuition is a disgrace to what it means to be a human being and 
disrespectful to everything we've accomplished as a species.The real addiction is an addiction to religion... Believe in yourself, 
don't give away your earnings to so-call god and all that crap. BE FREE!Shay brought me here! yay Shaytards :)thoughts on addiction sounds more like my time in the Mormon church... 
"Caught" by the devil... The Champion :D no one quite like him Huh. My husband was only able to leave his addictions behind after he left 
the LDS organization and learned that his self worth is not contingent on 
paying 10% or being a perfect returned missionary or performing masonic 
rituals in windowless rooms. There is a reason Utah is a leading state in 
suicides and prescription drug abuse. The LDS group is a religion of guilt 
and coercion. Nice job making fly fishing look creepy though.It is possible to come back. When I came back from war I turned to drinking 
and turned away from God. Those were the darkest days of my life, but 
through the prayer and above all forgiving yourself, you can make it 
through those troubled times. Though through some moments I still feel the 
the temptation to go back, I turn to the Lord with the knowledge that no 
matter the hardships and trials I'm put through on this earth, He will 
never abandon me.The LDS addiction recovery manual and program works. It is amazing. You can 
free once again. Trust in the Lord and try it out. :D There is indeed hope. 
The Atonement does work to repair us, help us, purify us, and bring us 
closer to Him. We can be filled with the power of Christ's pure love. Elder 
Ballard is accurate in all things he says herein. You will be freed. I 
know. My dad was an alcoholic untill 2 years ago. It was so hard for our whole 
family. The only way he has been able to remain sober was to turn to the 
Lord. He said that when that intense Urge to drink came over his body, he 
said a prayer over and over again and he said that the feeling just left. 
Weeks passed, then months, and now he's been sober for 2 years. That really 
shows me the power of the Lord, and Im so proud of my dad for overcoming 
his addiction.i love this video thank u <3 confess to the bishop following church doctrine ...obey the commandments 
above all things.I'm here with you. It has only been a few days for me- it is so hard. I am 
being attacked on two fronts: Beer and Porn. I am drinking non-alcoholic 
beer and keeping busy as best I can. I'm just now starting to sincerly pray 
on a regular basis after what seems like forever. I just stumbled onto 
MormonMessages via youtube today.keep turning to Christ, He will understand your every tear, and every tear 
is precious to him, he is the healer of our souls, you still need his 
healing, im years down the road from crying buckets of tears, keep pressing 
foward in Christ.keep committed to Christ He is the way the life and the light of the world, 
keep trusting in his cleansing powers, you will continue to find hope and 
strenght in your weaknesses as you submit your will to him.how are you doing now, i traveled this road now for many years, ask me 
anything you need help with.I LOVE IT, SO POWERFUL" . . . artificial substances and behaviors of temporary pleasure . . . " 
I'm so glad he mentioned both!Phillipians 4:13 Paul: I can do all things through Christ which strengtheth 
me My favorite verse(also tatood on Jon "bones" jones)This illustration looks so evidence. Church is doing great work. Thanks for 
providing means for salvation of men. Simple and honestly..I needed to see this. A week ago I decided to give up viewing pornography 
after a 23 year addiction to it. I was tiredI of always stumbling against 
it. I wanted to be free and clean from it so I decided to quit viewing. I 
don't wish this addiction on anyone! It's cost me a lot. This past week has 
been hard but I've won the battle. Now on to the next week. I'm so thankful 
for Elder Ballard's comments. Please pray for me as I continue in my 
recovery. Thank you :)Philippians 4:13 - "I can do all things through Christ which strengthen me" But i promise thru the gospel of jesus christ i have been sober for 2 years 
and it has not been easy and will not but i have faith and hope and the 
gospel and thats all to save my life.I am finally free from addiction. I had been addicted to all manner of 
addictions. Since I've stopped i cry so much it hurts so much it is 
extremely difficult to stay sober and extremely difficult to adapt and cope 
in the real world.Hi Everyone, i've been in-active for 5 years. this is the first time i've 
watched these messages since. Love it.were any animals harmed in the making of this video?What is there to dislike about this message? Even if you're not a "Mormon" 
there is still an awful lot of truth in it. Sure, you can think that you 
can get yourself out of anything without God's help, but I'm confident that 
everyone has at least one thing that they really need help with. To say 
different is only lying to yourself.@GTtexas2009 I know your comment is old But I would like to say that I'm 
glad to see you doing well. The Lord has blessed my life also more than I 
realize or show gratitude for.@GTtexas2009 You should now be over a year free! For us that have 
addictions to overcome I agree with you that this video and the teachings 
of Christ gives us all an avenue to redemption. God Bless You and God Bless 
Your Family. I am so happy for you!!!@BARONASAC1 Many of these are available in Spanish at: /MormonMessagesSPA@estigmata20 keep up the good work, man. We're with you all the way.@juscastaneda I agree with you that you shouldn't blame your problems on 
Satan or anyone else. However, it is helpful to know that he is real and 
that he is truly trying to make you fall into temptations. If you pretend 
he isn't there, then you will also be susceptible to getting into deep 
problems. God can help us overcome any addiction. If you struggle with something, 
talk to people about it. Satan wants you to feel nothing but shame and stay 
isolated. Talk with your Bishop, your family, and most of all with God 
through prayer. In the The video he never blames Satan. He's just raising warning that 
Satan is skillful in crafting certain "lures" that can take hold of our 
lives if we are not careful. And mentions that if we are caught in one of 
his lures we cannot battle Satan on our own,,, Christ and the atonement is 
the only way we can be freed..The world teaches me that I cannot overcome homosexuality, The Gospel of 
Jesus Christ teaches me that for God everything is possible. I need this 
hope and I'm doing my part to let His pure influence change my mind and 
heart. He is always willing to bless and strengthen me.@mof4k1999 Lucipher is another name for Satan.Whose lucipher?Awesome, in the name of Jesus Christ, my new hero!!! (God bless his soul) 
Amen.I've been addicted to cigarettes for twenty-some odd years, I have been 
trying to seriously quit for about three years. I recently have been 
attending a local LDS church. I love this church, it has changed my life in 
many ways for the best. I feel complete love and devotion to Jesus Christ 
(God bless his soul) for I now know he is MY try savior. I want to be a 
church member so much, I just need to kick these stupid cigarettes and such 
a large mountain is hard to climb. I pray ALLOT to myself, @DrSqkuirtle You can do it. I have wrestled with addictive behaviors for 
many years. I finally determined a month ago to really study the scriptures 
each day as best I could; AND to really pray each day, intently, thanking 
God for all the blessings that came to mind, and THEN asking Him for help 
with each part of my life, asking Him to send angels to help me to be 
clean. The Lord has blessed me with His help and I am one month clean for 
the first time in many, many years. You can do it! i dont understand why there so many other religions@DrSqkuirtle I'm in the same boat as you, only i turn 19 in less than a 
year. I want to serve a mission with all my heart. With everything the lord 
has done for me in my life, i have nothing else I want to do. But i have an 
addiction right now keeping me from being worthy of going. I've been 
struggling with this for a couple of years now. I've only just recently 
turned to the lord for help. The spirit has planted something in my mind 
that may help me, so I will do it.i cried :) ive been trying to get over an addiction i have been going 
through unfortunately for a pretty long time. i think this is the beginning 
of me finally getting away of this addiction i have... i love the church@ldssoccerchick7 What an awesome testimony. I'm getting teary eyed, lol! =)WOW!! THANKS!This video gave me the chills as it so perfectly depicts the sneaky and 
skillful ways of satan...the imagery and music really brings the message to 
life. Such a good job and beautifully shot:)I am a part time service missionary working with brothers and sisters who 
are addicted to behaviors as well as chemical substances. I have seen the 
devastation that addiction can bring into a life of a person as well as the 
family. I testify that I have witnessed first hand that thru the atonement 
of Jesus Christ miracles still happen today . @1952puddin yes, good video and analogy.I can't wait for general conference! :)I am 10 months clean due some wonderful missionaries asking me yo pray if 
the book of mormon was true i was ready to leave and give up on treatment 
and god so i prayed and i skimmed a few pages and then i saw a caption in 
mosiah Chapter 16 God redeems man from his lost and fallen state and the 
rest is history since then i have been baptized my wife was baptized and we 
are once a true family for eternity thanks to Jesus Christ and The true 
church being restored todayAh I love his voice! And this message was incredible. Thank you.@1952puddin If it's something that is good, how could it possibly come from 
Satan? This is a good message, a good gift to those who will hear it, and 
so it comes from God. The feeling of contention, confusion, and conflict 
are not from God, but from the Adversary. It's perfectly and simply clear 
in the Scriptures that "Every good gift and every perfect gift is from 
above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no 
variableness, neither shadow of turning." (James 1:17)What a great and Wonderful Message! :)How beautifully Satan, imitates a message from God, clever analogies, words 
like honey, these are his hooks, to net the foolish fish of this world. He 
will not lure you with a carefully crafed fly, but a carefully crafted lie. 
there is your truth! That is all I can do for you, God must do the rest!@danibc123 It was given in the October conference, 2010 by M. Russell 
Ballard. The title for it is "O that cunning plan of the evil one". It is 
in the November 2010 conference or online at lds org; you can find it in 
either place.Beautiful message. Love the B-roll.Very appropriate parable for our times.:)So TRUE. Thank you for this video! I LOVE IT!