Might you be willing to do some acting? The church is always seeking actors 
to participate in these and other films. Check it out. :)These videos are great. I am more of a visual learner and I have learned so 
much...please!! i want MORE!!(: in seminary we've been reading up to this part. 
Acts Chapter 4. Thanks for making such beautiful and meaningful videos. The costumes are 
great and the acting is superb. I am expecting great things to see in the 
future. It shows that even a man like Peter, who at one time denied the Savior, can 
repent and be used by the Holy Spirit to be a mighty power for good.It must be remembered that Peter had not received the gift of the Holy 
Ghost when he denied Christ three times in one night. But when the Holy 
Ghost was given to him, then he knew of a certain the truth.I feel sorry for peter and john. Thank god for freedom of religion and 
speech.It was not the name Jesus The The Jew Took Offense To. That Is a Roman 
Catholic /Greek Lieใช่. เราต้องเชื่อพระเจ้ามากกว่ามนุษย์ เพราะพระเจ้าไม่มีโกหกAre we not currently, like unto the Apostles John and Paul, continually 
being threatened by the government, media, other sects of Christianity, 
much less, the temporal world, utterly persuaded by the Adversary, to not 
declare the Intervenor for all creation, even Jesus Christ, ever emblematic 
of righteousness? The church should just go ahead and make an epic movie combining all of 
these clips and filling in with spaces with others. I love these videos!Thanks for all the videos. They. Are. So.uplifting Not really, the apostles, like us are just men, and like us make mistakes.Wonderful wee video - love learning this way. It makes gospel concepts so 
much easier to grasp. Whether it is better to follow man's orders or 
commandments from God - No contest!!!I agree wholeheartedly.Another good video.It is amazing that the same Peter who denied Christ three times in one 
night could say this to the leaders of a country.Wonderful video! Share on your Facebook wall or with the first person you 
think of after you watch it. When I watch this, I though of all the people 
that I know that don't know the peace that come with knowing Jesus is the 
Christ and how nothing else matters. Its true, HE Lives in Heaven, and also 
in us through our good works and prayers. Take a risk! Share itThank you so much for these great videos. I have gained an appreciation for 
Peter and John that I didn't know I lacked. Thank you, thank you. :D