Beautiful video!!!﻿one day when I'm 22 I will be Strom chaser﻿Thank you so much for this video. It helped me, and remembered me that some 
times I might feel alone or sad, but my Father in Heaven will always be 
there for me. <3 thanks!﻿You are a eye opener you help people now that some stuff is not right you 
tell some pretty deep stuff but you a good youtuber﻿I love this one!﻿Great message !﻿Made me tear up a bit, this was a wonderful message, thank for producing 
this!﻿I love this message. I hope to see more messages like this! Keep them 
coming!﻿God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform;
He plants His footsteps in the sea
And rides upon the storm.

 Deep in unfathomable mines
Of never-failing skill
He treasures up His bright designs
And works His sovereign will.

Ye fearful saints, fresh courage take;
The clouds ye so much dread
Are big with mercy and shall break
In blessings on your head.

 Judge not the Lord by feeble sense.
But trust Him for His grace;
Behind a frowning providence
He hides a smiling face.

 His purposes will ripen fast,
Unfolding every hour;
The bud may have a bitter taste,
But sweet will be the flower.

 Blind unbelief is sure to err
And scan His work in vain;
God is His own Interpreter,
And He will make it plain.

Amen﻿This made me cry﻿And I thought I had it hard.  It's amazing how when things seem to be at 
its lowest, that something "worse" can save it.﻿What was the name of the hymn he was quoting?﻿Thank you Elder Rasband for your service and this video﻿I have absolutely nothing to complain about after watching this.﻿





﻿I know Maylene and she is so strong. She is so great and a great woman﻿Love this. Thank you for sharing.﻿wheres that﻿Thank you Mormon Channel for another inspiriting video! Just when you think 
your life is hard, there is always someone else doing it harder!﻿thanks for the inspiring message!﻿I remember going to help the people of Moore after the tornado. The 
destruction was heartbreaking, especially the school. Despite the 
devastation, people were so willing to help one another, pushing aside any 
differences and just loving one another. While the death and destruction 
was horrific, something beautiful emerged from the wreckage that is hard to 
describe. Like a phoenix from the ashes.﻿After the storm reminds me when my ex left me and my kids for another 
woman. I was lost of what to do, whos going to watch my kids when im 
working. But thank God that he sent the holy spirit to remind me to trust 
in him and he will take care of me and the children. Although I struggled 
many times to provide for my family I never gave up my trust in Heavenly 
Father's Love. Yes, after the storm we made it with on our side.﻿I remember that storm going on in Oklahoma. Yet I know that people who 
endured it will be strengthend through the redeeming power of the Lord 
Jesus Christ. Let us pray for these wonderful people.﻿Thanks for sharing this with me. ﻿What a beautiful message. ﻿Thank you for this video. I needed the reminder that I am not alone. I'm 
going through some hard things right now, and I'm grateful to have the 
knowledge that everything is going to be okay. :)﻿