An amazing "image" came to my Spirit... when I asked HIM for guidance:
- I heard:
"Care about your Spirit, just like you care about your teeth.  "Wash" your 
Spirit with prayer and wisdom words I gave you."
I'll NEVER forget THAT !﻿Just wanted to say how true the church is. This week was a long one and a 
hard one but through my scriptures and through prayer it was still a great 
one. I felt revelation this morning reminding me that I'm so blessed and 
that The Lord has been so merciful to me this week through it all!﻿The Holy Spirit is so true; so correct; and oftentimes does not give us the 
message we may want to hear. I have prayed for almost 22 years for an 
outcome; it has been a serious battle with evil, but even today I get the 
message that God did not cripple me; I can see; I am not deaf; I have arms 
and legs that function; I am intelligent; God is not going to just wave a 
wand because I love Him and give me what I seek.  He already did; ME.  I 
can survive the pain and the injustice; I can, and will, find my own way 
out.  I thank the Holy Spirit for being a "parent" to me; I truly was 
ditched at 9 years of age;  had no direction; no prosperity; no 
opportunity, and my life has been trying to survive, but never truly 
serving God; our Father.  I must try even harder, and even though it does 
seem the "wicked" are oftentimes handed gifts that are far better deserved 
by the victims of their deeds, God has a plan; I do not want to question 
Him.  It hurts, but I will have the faith to endure to the end; to do 
better.  I have witnessed Satan in operation through the injustice, but 
with my faith I know I can make it through it all.  Someday there will be 
an answer; for now, I thank the Holy Spirit for speaking to me and giving 
me the direction I need to make it happen...I just have to try even harder.﻿I am grateful to be reminded that our Heavenly Father loves us and shows it 
by sending his Spirit to communicate with us!﻿Cha cha rejoice rejoice guys
I dont know about you people but when
I have the holy spirit is straight easy to do
What is good and get rid of any bad.
I dont see how mean i can be i only see the chance how my radiant light of 
Righteousness can grow. ﻿This is so banal, NOTHING they say here is unique to the LDS.  Everything 
said here could be applied to Islam, Jehovah's witnesses or even 
Hellenistic Polytheism.﻿Thank you very much ,i will do it ,know i am doing my phd in iit india,i 
want to breach the gospel to thess nations they worship idols , they donot 
know Jesus , 95% are not newborn of Jesus and Holysprit ! together we will 
do the the gospel pray for this! thank you for this video.That quote stood out to me, too. Very inspiring.Christ requires us to have a broken heart and a contrite spirit, right? :) 
Usually what seems to be the hardest to bear is what brings us the closest 
to Heavenly Father.Do animals seek or get guidance from the spirit?"If we want to talk to Heavenly Father, we get down on our knees. If we 
want him to talk to us, we open our scriptures." That quote just changed 
me. Beautiful!!!!!!! :)You may or may not have changed but just in case. God is not responsible 
for all that is bad, it's those who choose bad. And being godless doesn't 
make you rational and reasonable, that's not how it works. As for picking 
and choosing true believers already know that and have God to help them 
endure what they can't or didn't want to choose.I think you have a very healthy outlook. It's true that because we are 
mortal we are subjected to hard, and seemingly needless trials. People who 
have lived good lives and have died seemingly needlessly are received by 
God. We know that God understood exactly what He asked of us before we came 
to this life, and He provided away to return to Him by living by His son 
Jesus Christ. The test of life is not whether God will take away all that's 
bad, but if we will accept His mercy and life by it. We all have a mind to reason and rationalize like you Dave, but not all 
people can discern spiritual things. Just like you accept reason and 
rational thinking as facts, it does mean that spiritual discernment is 
erroneous for those blessed with this blessing. The things of God can only 
be spiritually discerned and understood. Using reason and rational thinking 
wont work. That is why the atheist mind cannot comprehend God. It requires 
true humillity, meekness and a desire to know Him to begin.I have been many places and meet many people from all walks of life.I live 
in North Carolina . By far the happiest and ones that have the most joy are 
members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints . :) I love you God. I have a big dream and I'll to get my dream with God and 
the revelation of holy spiritthe Holy spirit doesn't like the bible. It replaced HimBeautiful!Very good!Love this love you Holy SpiritLove it@guitardave100 Many good people have suffered horribly- Job, the apostles, 
even the Savior; Himself. Suffering is a part of life. The blessing is that 
we are not left to suffer alone.@guitardave100 I hope that the first part of what I wrote got saved. 
Anyway, through these trials I have always felt my Savior by my side 
comforting and strengthening me. He will be there for us to comfort, lift 
and heal us. He has the power to do so because of His atonement. I have 
felt that power in my life on numerous occasions.@Arythmnmaker1 I would love to read your whole story! Can you tell me how 
to access it?@Tenuunak My judgement is based on reason and rational thinking. Your 
judgement is based on faith. I don't know how any reasonable minded person 
could watch that first story and feel it was a good one with a happy 
ending. If your god is responsible for all that is good, he is also 
responsible for all that is bad, all the suffering, the needless deaths. 
You cannot pick and choose as you please.@mrsfinchie Yes, it's called a conscience, we all have one, believer or not.@guitardave100 your anger is blinding your judgment. When I returned later I found my house was filled with paramedics, my 
friend had passed away in his room.... right next to mine. I will deeply 
miss him, and the joy I received daily from hearing him practice his guitar 
and our exchange of motivating words. Be grateful for being worthy to feel 
the spirit. Do all you can to stay close to the Holy Ghost. MOST 
Importantly, When inspired..... Do it Now! My testimony is that the Godhead 
directs this life and the Holy Gost is the emissary. church I settled in for the lesson. Though I remembered on my way home and 
looked for my friend ( I live in a nice home with roommates, we are 
musicians-with day jobs, and they are not members but good guys) he was not 
around. I didn't continue to look for him, then or later. Yesterday in the 
early morning I was abruptly wakened by pounding on my door by his 
girlfriend asking if I had seen him and I didn't see his bike so I figured 
he had left but wasn't answering his cell. So she left....... Good Morning, Please, listen, then act as prompted. Do it now! I want to 
share this with you. My heart is heavy this day. This past Sunday while in 
Priesthood meeting the missionary leader of our ward exhorted us to fast 
and pray, for those names which we are inspired to turn over to the ward 
council for the missionaries. As I sat there thinking a name came to my 
mind and I was somewhat taken back by the suddenness of this light. As I 
resolved to go home and speak with my friend after...... What a great video!"You don't tell the Lord how to do His business". Perfect!I have a clarity when I know I am being directed by the spirit. When it 
isn't from the spirit I can't seem to make up my mind.I feel a warm feeling when its right, and an empty or heavy feeling when 
something is wrong. 