Amen for our ever eternal loving God!﻿Wow.. powerful !!    I love how this actor portrays Jesus..    I truly 
think he prayed that the Holy Spirit would help him do honor to our Lord's 
character with each part.     Thank you so much for uploading these for 
us.    I'm really being blessed by watching them...﻿You know. Its True.﻿i just want to cry my pain away to jesus and i want him to hold me. and i 
just want to cry and be comforted. I just want him to take my lust away and 
all my sins be washed away. and i want him to be my father......﻿I love this portrayal of this story!﻿*J E Z U S* offenbart die Liebe Gottes zu uns Menschen.﻿with God all things are possible﻿In every and each moment of his life, the savior was trying to teach us 
something... So learn of him and hear/prayerfully ponder his words. 
Prayerfully, do as Nephi said "Feast Upon The Words of Christ, for the 
words of Christ shall tell you All the things that ye should do".

hope that helps anyone :)﻿This is my life experience; Secrets of Heaven and miracles are in front of 
our eyes everyday. we just have to pay attention and we will see them.﻿Lord heal me﻿This is the Christ, and he who raised Lazarus shall raise us "at the last 
day".
"51 Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all 
be changed, 52 In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: 
for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, 
and we shall be changed." 1 Corinthians 15:51-52.﻿AMEN.﻿I don't go church but I pray and fast at home is it bad?﻿With GOD all things are possible. 🙏🏽﻿One of my favorite Bible stories. :) We can all become like Lazarus if we 
come to rely on the atonement of Christ. ﻿Hello children of the one true living God, please ask our heavenly Father 
to bless you with wisdom, knowledge, understanding, and discernment.﻿How tender to see The Redeemer of the world weeping along with the woman. I 
can't imagine how much love He has for us. I love my Savior.﻿These are Amazing videos. God bless everyone here and everywhere. ﻿Wow! I normally don't go for the middle English, KJ translation, but this 
depiction is flawless!﻿My Saviour﻿THIS VIDEO IS ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL VIDEOS EVER MADE.
JESUS CHRIST IS OUR ONLY HOPE. HE SAID: I AM THE RESURRECTION AND LIFE HE 
THAT BELIEVE ON ME EVEN IF HE WERE DEAD HE SHALL LIVE.﻿He is the Resurrection and the Life.﻿Do notice the difference. In the case of Lazarus Jesus said,  "And the one 
having died came out, bound hands and feet with grave clothes, and his face 
was wrapped in a handkerchief. Jesus said to them, 'Loose him, and let him 
go.'" 

Jesus's resurrection was different. He raised with a 'glorified body'; he 
passed through the grave clothes. He laid down that what was wrapped around 
his head, Joh 20:6-, "Then Simon Peter came, following him, and entered 
into the tomb; and he saw the linen strips lying there, and the facecloth 
which had been on His head, not lying with the linen strips, but apart from 
them, having been rolled up in one place."﻿Jesus wept because of the results of sin. This was NOT what God wanted.﻿these small clips of his teachings is a great comfort and speaks to my very 
soul each time I watch and listen to my lords words!﻿I know that my husband will be raised from the dead someday as well and 
that, through the atonament of Jesus Christ we will be reunted.﻿He truly is the Son of God.﻿He knew what loomed ahead
Death's sentence was His own
But in Him was no dread
With love He would atone

He would take upon Him death,
Pain, misery, and need
And feel for us with such depth
It would cause His sweat to bleed

Through each new passing day
They learned more of why He was born
He would open up the grave
And restore each spirit to form﻿In Adam all die even in Christ shall all be made alive.﻿ #sharethegift  Resurrection will come to all people #becauseofhim  ﻿This miracle and the others like it are profound in how they demonstrate 
God's Power. They teach me the beauty of the resurrection and show Christ's 
empathy. I believe that Christ is the resurrection and the life and with 
Martha I proclaim that with God all things are possible. This beautiful 
doctrine is the good news of the Gospel of Jesus Christ! ﻿What do you notice about Jesus as He comforts other people?

Empathy is part of the Savior's divine character. He has the capacity to 
feel what you are feeling. His capacity for empathy is so great that He was 
able to take upon Himself the pain and guilt and sorrow of other people as 
part of suffering for all of our sins.

The Savior has the power to comfort and strengthen you when you are 
emotionally distressed. He loves you. He knows your name. He understands 
how you are feeling.

The Savior lives. He can be close to you spiritually. When you pray today, 
ask to learn what you can do to be spiritually closer to Him.

May you feel His nearness today and be strengthened and healed by Him.﻿It's very tender that the Savior wept here.  It shows His Compassion, even 
though He knows what is about to transpire.  This shows His love for us, 
and He knows us. "And he will take upon him death, that he may loose the 
bands of death which bind his people; and he will take upon him their 
infirmities, that his bowels may be filled with mercy, according to the 
flesh, that he may know according to the flesh how to succor his people 
according to their infirmities." (Alma 7:11)﻿I love the gospel. Go Jesus﻿Wow, what a great message! Grateful for the miracles of Jesus Christ. 
#sharethegift  ﻿Lord I'm not qualified on you but speak to me and its shall be done!﻿I'm so grateful for my Savior Jesus Christ. I know He is the Savior for all 
mankind and He did not just suffer and die for those who believed on Him, 
but those who would not follow Him. I know many think how many drops of 
blood did He have to suffer for me, but I think of the positive. Those who 
follow Him the absolute best they can can know He did not have to suffer as 
much as in our behalf. Which is why we must hasten the work and help people 
come unto Christ. That they may be free from the bondage of sin and 
relieved from the burden of trials of all sorts. I know He lives. Although 
I do not have the complete gift of tongues to show you, I pray the Spirit 
may let all know that I can bear witness He is real and well alive and is 
actively working in building the Kingdom of God.﻿Very nicely done! I really felt the spirit watching this.

Thank yyyoooooouuuu!!!﻿This channel is a beacon of hope in YouTube.... It lifts my spirit high.﻿Great video !!﻿Christ can raise the dead, cause the blind to see, and the lame to walk, is 
it impossible to say that he can work miracles in our own lives? Its not 
impossible, but completely probably with faith in Christ. At least that is 
what I learned from the video.﻿Is that Mary Magdalene he spoke to at first, or Martha?﻿Well done!﻿Wow. ﻿1st comment!﻿A powerful message. ﻿