I love listening to President Dieter F. Uchtdorf speeches they are always 
so uplifting.  wish I could meet him in person.﻿The book of Mormon is not a book but food- dinner for our Spirits.﻿Amazing talk!!! ﻿Thank you, thank you, thank you! I love Light and Truth!﻿Amen, may God bless you all.﻿I am debating on whether I should look into Mormonism or not. I am already 
a Christian, what is the benefit of reading the Book of Mormon? Can someone 
help me with this?﻿What is Truth? President  Uchtdorf's lecture on the Church website:  
https://www.lds.org/broadcasts/article/print/ces-devotionals/2013/01/what-is-truth?lang=eng
﻿what a great man! he doesn't shout or yell or talk of hate...he is truly of 
God.﻿Thank you- I needed to hear this, especially today. (: ﻿I really like listening to this Man talk..........It's a credit to the 
Mormon Church that such Men run this Church. How People can listen to Men 
like this talk and think the Church is Evil.....Is Beyond Me. I Truly 
believe that People that study the History of this Church and find fault 
should focus on the Fruits and not the Roots. Only God knows every piece of 
every puzzle and knows how they all fit together....God wants us to Think, 
Search, and to Love One Another and to live the Golden RuleYou mean like touching only one part of the elephant? You completely missed 
the point of the talk. Listen again and this time pay attention. 
Inspiration fills the gap of knowledge, but there is responsibility 
required in getting that knowledge. Who were the 20 that "disliked" this talk? What is truth? This topic 
touches every aspect of life and was one of the greatest talks ever, by 
anyone. It's a croched, lacy round thing that people put on tables to put bowls or 
vases on so the table doesn't get scratched I think Comment Approval is because so many people on youtube use such 
unbecoming language and they are trying to avoid THAT. Try Acts 20:7. I 
know I have read some scriptures where it mentions the disciples gathering 
on the Sabbath after the Sabbath (one being the jewish and the other the 
christian) but I'm pushed for time right now. Try the Gospels after 
Christ's death and Actshe'll have to seek inspiration - I hope that they all do Go to lds.org and type What is Truth in the search box. A list will come 
up. I tried the first one and it was the right talk Where can I find the written version of this talk?I have watched this many times, I still don't know. I thought of the Book of Mormon during this talk. How it adds to the 
fullness of truth. What a wonderful message. If what Elder Utchdorf says is correct, then the same principle applies to 
LDS bishops. How can they expect to judge a person as a whole from only 
certain behaviors seen from this person? It is impossible.One of the most progressive and thoughtful talks I have ever heard about 
knowledge and truth. The wisdom is truly of deity. I am sending this link 
to numerous friends and colleagues. Cutting to the chase, the point to remember is: "And it is always good to 
keep in mind just because something is printed on paper, appears on the 
internet, is frequently repeated or has a powerful group of followers 
doesn't make it true.”It's a worldwide church with all the cultures and races of the world in it. 
There are devotionals like this one around the world on a regular basis. 
This one happens to be in Utah, which is mostly populated by white people. 
But my Bishop is latino- I hear and see Bishop Gonzales speaking every week 
in Tucson, AZ. When I lived in Venezuela, the leaders were Venezuelanos of 
every shade. If you drop by an LDS church in your neighborhood, maybe it 
will surprise you. the truth will set you free :-) (evidence that is).....THANKS A LOT FOR MAKING IT UPLOADER COMMENT APPROVAL. It just shows 
that you don't want to answer any questions................... My question 
is prove to me the SABBATH IS sunday and NOT SATURDAY. Show me the 
scripture in the HOLY BIBLE please.... ✿ forget-me-not ♡What is a doily? The only truth on earth is what we have never come across. truth hurt.I am living in South Africa. I love my African brothers and sisters. I feel 
such joy in my heart to see my humble brothers and sisters joining and 
embracing the gospel of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints. We have no 
problems with the message of Truth....try the darker side of the elephant 
and you see their eyes looking at you and their white teeth smiling through 
their dark skins as the light of the Gospel shines through their 
countenance. This takes me back to my Modernism and Post-Modernism in Luso-Brazilian 
Literature class. I wasn't Mormon at the time. The Mormon 
returned-missionaries in my class had a really hard time arguing in favor 
of post-modernism. They *knew* that reality was not fragmented, and that it 
was not subjective. But that's exactly what post-modernism teaches. It was 
an interesting class.I am always inspired and comforted thru your messages of God....My Bishop is a Latino and their are Latinos, African-Americans and Asians 
in my congregation. Don't judge a Church by what you see in one gathering.The Truth is Jesus Christ.I feel so grateful to believe, in the truth and knowing the truth... 
because the truth will make us free...... Thanks so much President. 
Uchtdorf es un buen recordatorio para mi...como pasar sobre las diferencias 
en un matrimonio.... Que es la Verdad? Es posible saber la verdad? Como es 
posible pasar entre la Verdad y lo que creiamos? No soy Sabio, no soy 
Perfecto, pero se donde encontrar la verdad para pasar por las pruebas de 
la Vida.! This is in BYU Marriott centre. So basically in Utah most people living 
there are White. I'm guessing the Latinos and African Americans are in the 
East or West coast of America and in different cities that are more diverse 
than Utah. What a great talk to a worldwide audience. This devotional happened to be 
broadcast from Provo. Perhaps you will see a more diverse audience in Elder 
Bednar's devotional in March from Texas, or the September devotional from 
Hawaii.How thankful I am for President Uchtdorf! Wonderful as always! President Uchtdorf IS TRULY A MAN CALLED OF GOD! I am so thankful for my 
Faith. Being LDS (Mormon) is the BEST decision I have ever made! They were there just unseen. Yet they bring about the strongest impact. 
Also what if they were just glowing and only looked like they were white 
because it shows that they also are children of God?? Remember we may have 
different skin color but we are all the same in God's eyes.Wow! I love it and I have learned a lot from President Uchdorf who speak 
from hid heart.Thank you! If anyone else, like me, is just looking for the actual speaker, he starts 
at 12 minutes 50 seconds into the video.Must there only be a single race on the Earth before people feel equal?Sure, I'm brazilian and I was singing in the choir! =)I didn't get the chance to listen to this devotional on Sunday, so today 
was the first time I saw and listened to it. It was exactly what I needed 
right now. Thank you, President Uchtdorf.If you look in the choir, more than anything, I saw people of all different 
races. And I find that encouraging: not only did people of different 
nations and lineages come to hear President Uchtdorf, they also volunteered 
to give service while they did so.His German accent is showing.....truth is God.....God is truth and God is 
love!There is no greater joy than discovering divine truths that are Eternal and 
will, if obeyed, give us Eternal Life, which is God greatest gift to His 
children. May we always seek these truths is my prayer for you and me, 
always..beautiful talk, I love President Uchtdorf, We have an obligation to know 
the truth, ALL, not just of the gospel. :-) where is the African-American people?, and Latinos? mmmmm Don't get me 
wrong. I love the devotional, but it is hard to identify when only white 
people are feature as members. :-) Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, thank you my brother!the volume of the video is very low, I can't hear it... Word. Wow, what a wonderful talk.Awesome talk! The truth? Well it sure isn't this.I love this Great topic, my brother and I were just emailing each other on this. Will 
have to send the link.