PERFECT examples !﻿inspiring and comforting at the same time..thank you!No confusion, simple, pure, easy to entreat. :) sooo happy and greatful to 
be alive! "Sometimes there's enough light just to take a few steps and continue to 
press forward."So inspiring. I instantly feel a warmth when watching. Not a strong, 
unbelievable experience, but something uplifting, mind-clearing, and pure. I agree Elder Bednar... following his light brings greater joy, peace and 
happiness in a world where darkness is present. Wonderful! Thank youBeautiful and relaxed, felt the Spirit whisper truth to me during this videoLovelyPattern of Revelation :D Gotta love this video.Elder David A. Bednar is a very effective and powerful communicatormore precious than gold to me. Hi Andrea, I loved your comment :) I am LDS, and invite you to learn more 
about it. I am not sure if you know, but on mormon.org you can find more 
information and even chat online or request missionaries to come to your 
home to answer any questions you may have. Have a great day <3check out lds.org for more information on what Mormons believe. In the true sense of the word, Mormons are Christians because they seek to 
follow the teachings of Christ our Lord and Savior and see Him as their 
Redeemer who suffered so that we may return again to our Father in Heaven. 
Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (Mormons) 
believe that they have the same church that Christ established during His 
earthly Ministry, including the same authority if the Priesthood and 
organization with prophets and apostles. Try "lds.org" for morebeautifulI recommend you visit mormon.org and you can live chat with someone who can 
answer all your questions, or you can look up that same type of question on 
that site. Cheers!Mormons are Christians too! The actual name of the church is, "The Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints". I'd say if you enjoy the messages 
then there must be something good there. Keep listening and learning, there 
is so much goodness in this Church they will bless your life.Mormons are Christians. We believe the gospel that existed at the time of 
Christ has been restored and there is a living prophet on the earth today. 
We believe families are together beyond this mortal life. We believe that a 
record of Christ visiting the people on the American continent is another 
testament of his divinity; it is called The Book of Mormon. This is good 
for a start. You can learn more by seeking out a Mormon church or the 
missionaries.We Mormons or Latter day saints are Christians. Because we believe in 
Christ, We talk of Christ, We think of Christ, and do what Christ wants us 
to do. Morminism is basically about the Book of Mormon ,Another Testament 
of Christ, that we believe to be a scripture. It was just called the Book 
of Mormon because Mormon is the one who compiled all these writings from 
the Prophets being called by God in Ancient America. You felt the joy of 
watchng these videos because you believe in Jesus Christ.Christianity is a word that proclaims you believe in Christ. Mormonism is a 
Christian religion. Jesus Christ is the center of our belief and our faith 
in Him is where our devotion is based. Enjoy the messages, they are for all 
the world, if it uplifts you and motivates you to be a better person than 
you have just experienced the spirit of Christ. Be your best self and go 
towards anything that helps you accomplish this.However, we believe that God once again called a prophet to this Earth and 
that He continues to guide us through prophets and apostles.It is important to note that "Mormons" ARE Christian. We believe in Jesus 
Christ. We believe He is the Savior of the world. A lot of the things you 
believe coincide with what we believe. But we also believe that God IS, not 
WAS; that He LOVES, not LOVED. We believe He still guides all of us (His 
children) through LIVING prophets just like He did in the Bible. Have you 
ever wondered why there are so many churches and different teachings? It's 
because years went by without revelation from God.The official name of our church is The Church of Jesus Christ ( of Latter 
day Saints). Mormons are Christian :) We believe in the Atonement and 
Resurrection of Jesus Christ. As you saw in this video, we believe that he 
still talks to his children today when you seek him diligently with 
questions.Also there is a 4th video that also elaborates on this subject. It is 
called "The Miracle of the Holy Bible" and it is at 
/watch?NR=1&v=XN0cit0XFDs&feature=endscreen. Please keep in mind when 
watching these videos when the speaker in them states that he "testifies", 
"bears solemn witness", or "knows", that he does so knowing that he is 
fully accountable before Heavenly Father for his words AND the influence 
they may bear upon every person who hears them. I do not know if you have received an answer to your question yet, but I 
know of 3 very good videos that detail the Christianity of "Mormonism", 
more eloquently than I could. They are called "The Only True God & Jesus 
Christ Whom He Has Sent", "Are Mormons Christians?", & "God's Words Never 
Cease: The Bible, the Book of Mormon, and Continuing Revelation". They can 
be found at /watch?v=QtEQ8Tjr2EI, /watch?v=f5x0wjT9Uq8, & 
/watch?v=K_xl_AR0IRs. I pray these answer your question satisfactorily! =)From my knowledge, Mormons are Christians. We believe our church to be 
Jesus Christ's fully restored church. It is organized in the same way 
Christ organized his church while on the earth, with Priesthood authority 
and 12 apostles. The prophet Joseph Smith was called to restore the church 
through revelation.I am also not a Mormon, however, I do believe in revelations from God and 
Christ in these days - today! Like Andrea C, I think the Presidential 
campaigns of recent have made me want to learn more of the religion. I 
actually was gifted the Book of Mormon, and am slooooowly reading it now - 
when I have time. I feel there is much research to do about the people 
living in this part of the world centuries ago - that I have never thought 
about before. Guess I should listen to parts 1 and 2! well what a coincidence...we, mormons, are christians too! christianity is 
a general term for anyone who believes in Christ and recognizes Him as 
their savior and redeemer. mormonism is just another branch of christianity!Hi Hannibal! Did anyone answer your question? Im not sure if I can be of 
help, but I would like to try at least. We as mormons perceive ourselves as 
Christians. Just like other Christians we try to learn more about Christ 
and to follow His teachings. We however also believe that after Christ many 
of His teachings were changed and His church was lost. When the time was 
right, God called another prophet like he always did, to restore the full 
gospel of Christ. As a consequence, we have a churchSpirit of RevelationMormons are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. We 
are very much Christians just like you, but since we believe that God the 
Father, His son Jesus Christ, and the Holy Spirit are three separate 
beings, many people do not consider us to be Christians. We revere Jesus 
Christ as the Savior of the world who died to save us. Please, enjoy these 
messages all you want! I am a Mormon, a Christian, and I love my Savior 
Jesus Christ.Some important differences between Mormonism and other branches 
Christianity are that Mormons believe that God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy 
Ghost are all separate beings, that the Book of Mormon is another testament 
of Jesus Christ, and that Joseph Smith was a prophet; however, Mormons also 
have many central similarities. One of these would be a belief in Jesus 
Christ and all he has done for humanity. If you have more questions, 
mormon.org (the official website) is a great place to go.The LDS faith is a Christian faith. We believe in Jesus Christ as the 
Savior of all humankind and the only means of salvation. There are some 
things unique to the LDS faith among Christian faiths. You might look 
around on mormon.org. As for enjoying the messages--sure. I enjoy a lot of 
messages from outside the LDS faith, as well. We can all support and 
strengthen each other.iHannibal9216, I'm a Mormon and a Christian too! Mormons (which is actually 
just a nickname for "the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints") also 
believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God and our Lord and Savior. If you 
want to know more about what Mormons believe, this is the best way to find 
out more: mormon.org I really like the message of this video, too, and if 
you haven't done so already, I suggest you watch some more of the videos on 
this channel. They're very inspiring.If you have a willingness to learn, then absolutely!We do not consider Elder Bednar a prophet of God. He is a member of the 
Quorum. The Prophet is Prophet Monson. "Mormonism" is the nickname for the doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-Day Saints, or LDS church. Mormons are Christians, believers and 
followers of Jesus Christ, the son of the living God. If you are like me, 
you enjoy these messages because they touch your heart through the Holy 
Spirit of God. That divine spirit bears witness of truth in all things and 
all places. It is a sure witness of truth, and is available to all on the 
Earth. I hope this helps. Mormon's are Christians. If you have further questions I highly recommend 
going to mormon.org. There you will find on the homepage exactly what you 
are asking and so much more that will answer any more questions you might 
have. Enjoy:) You won't regret it.I consider that terrible "hour of darkness" where Satan and those who fell 
with him must have tried to snuff out the Light of life. I marvel to know 
that Christ triumphed against such fantastic odds. I am grateful for my 
Savior, and that His life was sufficient to redeem us from darkness and 
invite me to the light. Yes There are some very big differences. The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints (Mormons). Believe very strongly in all the teachings of 
the bible literally. When Jesus up this rock I will build this church and 
the gates of hell shall not prevail against it, he was speaking of the rock 
of revelation. The Church is established upon the foundation 12 apostles as 
in the old days and a Prophet Amos 3:7. With Jesus Christ being the chief 
cornerstone. You can email me at craig@avirta.com Yes There are some very big differences. The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints (Mormons). Believe very strongly in all the teachings of 
the bible literally. When Jesus up this rock I will build this church and 
the gates of hell shall not prevail against it, he was speaking of the rock 
of revelation. The Church is established upon the foundation 12 apostles as 
in the old days and a Prophet Amos 3:7. With Jesus Christ being the chief 
cornerstone. You can email me at craig@avirta.comThat is true!Excellent teaching us better what revelation is and how it is received. 
Typical Elder Bednar Excellent.This is the first time I have ever replied or commented on youtube. I 
appreciate your desire to know the difference and willingness to ask. From 
a doctrinal position there are differences. From a Christ centered focus we 
are all doing our best to Follow Christ regardless of what denomination we 
are. We do the best we can with what we have and what we know. In simple 
explanation Mormons are very much Christians. Thank you for allowing me the 
opportunity to reply. wow. I love these videos. What an awesome feeling of peace. I really need 
these quiet reminders that help me remember that without feeding my 
Spiritual Man, my Natural Man is in control. What a refreshing feeling to 
watch these videos and have a quiet moment where I can just listen and feel 
the warmth of the spirit. I love it!!Mormon is just a Nick name we are Christians couse as you we believe in 
Jesus Christ :) keep watching follow those feelings in your heart :)Hi, I know you posted your question over a month ago but I would still like 
to reply. It is wonderful that you are a christian and that you enjoy the 
Mormon messages. Latter Day Saints (Mormons) are also Christians, we 
believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and God our eternal father. We believe 
that Christ was born to this earth and was sacrificed for our sins. He 
atoned for our sins so that we are able to repent when we make mistakes. 
Through Christ we can return to live with him in heaven someday.That would be the Spirit talking to you. I would suggest going to 
mormon.org and checking out the faq :)We are Christians and if you enjoy the message we bring we invite you to to 
learn more. You can do that by going to mormon.org. I hope you have a great 
day and find whatever you are searching for. :)The Mormon religion is a religion based on Christ and his teachings, so 
Mormons are Christians too. If you would like to know more, you can look on 
lds.org where there is an abundance of information.Latter Day Saints actually are Christians, we follow the teachings of 
Christ. I would encourage you to visit mormon.org and possibly contact your 
local missionaries and ask them for more details. You can find them and 
much more on the website:)It makes sense that you are Christian,but enjoy this,because our religious 
beliefs have a lot in common!In fact,we are Christian too,in that we 
believe in Christ as the Savior of mankind.His name is in our Church 
title:The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.There are a few 
differences,though.You can find more information on mormon.org,and if you 
have more questions,let me know!The comment box limits my response;that's 
why I don't have more written.But let me know if you have questions!  "Among many unique teachings are those relating to the purpose of earth 
life, our ultimate destiny as children of God, and the eternal nature of 
the family. Mormons, or Latter-day Saints, also teach that God, our 
Heavenly Father, and His Son, Jesus Christ, are physically separate 
beings." lds. org /topic/mormons/I have to say that even though we Mormons consider the narrator of this 
video a prophet of God, the things that he just described are very common 
to ordinary members of the church. I can personally identify with his 
description of personal revelation and have spoken with many members of the 
church who experience it the same way. I dare say that we all do. If we 
trust it, and do what is necessary to strengthen it, this ability can be a 
guide for our lives.that was beautifulKeep being curious :)I felt inspired to remind you of the lyrics to "Lead Kindly Light" in the 
hymn book as well as they talk about not seeing the step ahead as well. 
Often an inspiration to me :)great videos . Mormonmessages should make more like these... Wonderful explanation of revelation. I love the connection to light!We watched this video in Relief Society yesterday during the lesson, and it 
brought such a wonderful feeling of the Spirit. :)Andrea, thanks for sharing your feelings. Yes, I agree with what you share 
and feel your gratitude. My best from Utah, July Jolley Wonderful message! :') I feel so good watching this. It is the Spirit of Revelation that brought me into this church 15 years 
ago. It was a simple question and a sudden and profound response as to 
whether or not the Book of Mormon was true. How I am grateful for that 
moment in time and for God's willingness to reveal truths to us through his 
Spirit.Thank you for your comment! I am a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints, which is to say that I am a Mormon, and it is so nice 
when those not of our faith are respectful and appreciate what is so 
precious and dear to us. I wish everyone could feel and understand the 
wonderful things that I have felt and come to understand. Thank you again.Christs' Love Upon You. Upon You ALL..You can click on the "interactive transcript" button right underneath the 
video and it will show you the words being said along with the timeline. 
Hope that helps!That's so great you feel that way! As a member myself I think its so great 
when people can feel that same happiness I do. Also if you didn't already 
know this, you can go to Mormon.org to find out anything else you may be 
curious about. Hope you have a great weekend!Very true, just depends on each of us for the blessings of God, not 
dependent on others, it is my responsibility to make myself worthy of the 
blessings. En muy cierto, solo depende de cada uno de nosotros para obtener 
las bendiciones de Dios, no depende de los demas, es mi responsabilidad 
hacerme merecedor de las bendiciones.Because of the great gift of us having the power to choose for ourselves 
God must wait until we ask Him for his help. Then he is very able and most 
willing to act on our request, pray with your heart and you will have His 
help. Give God the permission to help you by asking Him to take the reins 
and give you the understanding that His plan for you is so much more 
perfect than we ourselves could ever achieve without Him. Become loving 
kindness and you will have most of life's learning conquered.I am a 'Mormon' or mbr of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, 
and I love the Church, the Lord, the Gospel, the Book of Mormon, etc. I 
love how it has changed my life by the light that the Lord has shed on me 
thru my faithfulness. I would like to suggest, and these are just 
suggestions, no push, obtain a copy of the Book of Mormon and peruse the 
beautiful light with it, and talk to the Mormon missionaries. They can help 
by shedding more light for you. God bless you.I was bapitzed morman though i havent been to latter day saints church in a 
long time i will say Latter Day Saints of Jesus Christ have graet morals I 
encourge that if you have a lil something saying learn more call the number 
and dont let any one tell you what to belive becouse they will tryI really like these 3 videos. I would love to see more content like this.I wish I knew where to get the transcripts of this "Patterns of Light" by 
Elder Bednar. I would like to use it in a talk if ever called upon. The 
part about walking into the fog, with barely any light, not knowing where 
you are going - yet faith enough to believe in the path - not necessarily 
the end. Powerful stuff!!! I am heading down that path right now, ready to 
die, but knowing the path ahead of me is not known to me; but believing 
that The Lord knows, and will ultimately decide my end.I grew up going to varying churches, the Lutheran church in my youth - then 
I went to many Assembly of God churches or similar ones as a young adult. I 
felt fed by the Spirit, and came to understand quite well of the Lord. I 
was considered an up-and-coming youth pastor. I was quite strong in my 
testimony after having experienced so much truth I could not deny Him. In 
2004 I met the Mormon missionaries & joined, what has happen to my 
understanding of the gospel has been 100 fold since then. AmenWhat a great series. I could definitely feel the Spirit and know that what 
this apostle says it true. muy hermoso, lo recomiendo escuchar atentamente, son palabras muy 
inspiradoras.La luz de Cristo ilumina nuestro entendimiento, el espíritu confirma la 
verdad. Andrea, In the feelings you have experienced as you watched this video, you 
have indeed been communicated to by God--just as the video explained. Isn't 
that wonderful? God knows you. He loves you. You are his daughter and He 
wants to bless you with an increase of all that is good in your life. Keep 
searching and following your positive feelings and thoughts--especially as 
they point you toward God Jesus Christ. View more "Mormon Messages" and see 
if the your feelings are the same.It is videos like this that remind me of my mission and the joy I found in 
simplicity during those two years of my life. The simple approach to life 
and the proper perspective on church doctrine penetrates the heart in a way 
that nothing else can do. Thank you for this reminder.I don't know if you have children, but I highly recommend looking for the 
Mormon Messages for Youth. They are great and very encouraging for our 
youth of today to help them stay strong in this world they are being pulled 
in so many different directions.very inspiring...i learned from it.. That's wonderful! That feeling is part of that light from God working 
within you, letting you know what you're hearing is true. If you're 
interested in learning more, you can check the website mormon.org as well. 
The site explains a lot of our beliefs, which are all centered in bringing 
us to accept and follow Jesus Christ. You can also request missionaries 
from the Church to come and share more of our beliefs with you. The visits 
are brief and very enjoyable. I highly recommend it! :)Andrea to me you have stumbled across something much greater than gold! The 
church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints or mormonism fills my soul and 
life with much more happiness, love and peace than any gold could buy. I 
pray that you will search more into this gold you have found, I would love 
to help you learn more. Just comment back to me.These are such great videos! this is an good video this is a beautiful way of describing how we can receive directions from 
above. Very grateful to have men like him to help us understand God's 
dealings with us. What a wonderful explanation of the Light of Christ and of revelation! We 
are blessed to have living prophets and apostles among us to help us 
understand eternally significant things.There is a feeling of tremendous peace when one watches these videos--must 
be true :)Though I do not follow mormonism, the recent presidental elections in the 
USA has made me curious about the religion. I have to say that I feel as if 
I have stumbled accross gold. This is a beautiful video and is very 
becoming on such a lovely channel. Thank you for posting. I am subscribed, 
and look forward to videos in the future.Thank you. . . I needed this today. Thank you. . . Beautiful video. Thank you for sharing. =DI love it! :)Sometimes we don't understand why God does what He does. With that, might I 
add that sometimes we don't understand how much God loves us... I feel that 
if we understand his love for us, then we understand why He does what He 
does.