When parents divorce they give up the moral high ground. From that point 
forward all of the instruction they give to children lacks any sort of 
higher moral context and becomes a simple matter of "because I said so".﻿Marriage doesn't sound an easy thing when there's selfishness, sin 
(adultery/fornication/alcohol etc..) are involved. Praying for those that 
go through this difficult times on their relationship. Christ's ways 
(repentance/reformation) sounds like a good avenue that many might not be 
willing to take. But easier said than done.﻿my parents are divorced﻿Important teachings. Divorce is a difficult subject--especially when 
discussed in the context of religion. Elder Oaks says the truth simply and 
directly. ﻿to Sam: Marriage at a young age is only one risk factor. I took a class on 
Divorce and Remarriage when I was in college. This is good information: 
http://divorce.usu.edu/files/uploads/Lesson3.pdf﻿I've been divorced. This message is true.I wouldn't divorce happens because of young college age kids get married. I 
am a young college age kid and am getting married shortly. I don't believe 
that it has to do with age at all. It has to do with an individuals 
decision to be selfish in a relationship when it is most successful being 
selfless. People don't care about others as much as they used to in 
relationships. If both are selfless in this sacred relationship, there are 
higher odds of things working out.I agree. And it's not just there. Prayer only makes you feel better about 
yourself... If you don't do anything nothing is going to happen....Don't worry that happens in every church, not just yours. I have known many 
people from different faith's that go through a divorce and the Church 
takes a side and shuns the other partner. Divorce happens because people get married way too young. So, maybe if they 
stopped encouraging young college kids to get married and have kids right 
off the bat the relationships may last longer. In addition, marriages are 
not as solid as they were before because now people have a way out. 
Independence, there is no need to stay with someone for money if you can 
make your own. Therefore, people look for love not convenience which takes 
a lot longer to find...Marriage can be difficult so can working 40 hours per week and overcoming 
life's little foibles. What is done when things get hard, most of the time 
we jump ship it shows how thin we really are when the easiest way out is 
the option taken. Marriage is work 24/7 pure and simple where is the love 
where is the fight when things go wrong in a marriage? As a culture we are 
week and need to grow up and face the responsibilities when the ship is 
left the innocent are always left behind at their perilI couldn't agree more with this message.My sister is going through this exact situation right now with kids who are 
at such a young age. As I see these three little girls being raised up 
without a father figure (because he would rather be out drinking and doing 
what he wants), what would you recommend for me as an uncle to help my 
sister and her daughters?My parents are divorced. They have been since I was 3. But, I have now seen 
that it was the right choice. My mother prayed with much intent, and felt 
that divorce was the right thing to do. My father fell away from the 
gospel, and has drug down many with him. If my parents were to stay 
together, then I would not have known and had such a strong testimony of 
this gospel as I do now. Divorce is a hard thing, and in some cases it is 
not right. But for my family it was. Husbands and wifes care for each other and for their children" love that. 
The way its supose to be.I agree with what was said here. If it is possible, try your very best to 
work things out. TAke Marriage and divorce attitude no one is perfect. Many people play the victim and just point the finger at 
the other while they want to please the world and not God. Might be going 
through my 2nd marriage because of the same attitude they had....SO TRUE! 25 years ago in June my Mum left my Dad, brother, sister and myself after 
an adulterous relationship with a work colleague. It has never been 
revealed to me but I believe she too conceived a child from this 
relationship with its subsequent murder. Although i was only a small child 
the ramification of this event has moulded my life for the better, and 
unfortunately the worst, but witnessing first hand the hardships of my 
father my heart goes out to you. Still to this day we will never be the samethank you so much Repent that you got married. Repent that youacted like a person;. Repent 
that you made a mistake. Repent and make sure you feel guilty.Mark 10:11-12sir its never to late :) you can fix this all you just have to WANT to 
enough and put forth the effort of trying to fix things i pray for youShe was not fooled into anything. He himself changed and would have had no 
idea at the time of marriage either. Many people go through periods of 
crisis in life,and this is how your son-in-law handled it--quite poorly it 
sounds. I have sympathy for you daughter in this situation, but she had 
other options. I too married a RM, and she reacted like I was a sinner if I 
took a nap during Priesthood, slept naked once a month, or did not attend 
church while on vacation. Eternal marriage is a lie.Pase por un divorcio, muy doloroso..pero aun creo que el verdadero amor 
existe!! y se que hay hombres incriblemente maravillosos que aun con sus 
debilidades pueden hacer que el hogar sea un pedasito de cieloDoc, it's been a year since your comment reading, "Why is it that MEN are 
shown as the perpetrators and women as their victims. ..." In that year, I 
hope your life is progressing well; while I do not know you beyond your 
posting, I sincerely want the best for you and your life. Regards.its the 'Majority case basis' thats all. My ex wife left me too unwilling 
to work on our problems. But I know of many men who just screw up. I am 
married now to a wonderful woman who would have never been in my life, had 
my ex never left. Gods Plan? quite possibily.I've been thinking about getting divorce, I love my husband but it's hard 
to handle his lack of faith in Heavenly Father, we don't have kids and If I 
ever have, I don't want my kids to be in that sittuation, its hard to go to 
church and pray alone, our marriage in the temple means nothing to him its 
painful, he is a good husband but I dont know if I want to live my life 
with this pain and uncertainty also is lack of faith is dragging me down.Im 
afraid to commit a mistake and afraid to live thisCheck out my poem "A divorce from sin"Perhaps we judge because marriage is a decision made solely upon ourselves 
who to marry without coercion. That decision is stretched beyond the spirit 
world, surpassing final judgment and out living Celestial Kingdom. This is 
the only Religion that believes "not death do us part" but into the 
eternities and yet we can't last two years?????????I don't think the intention of the video is to condemn a certain gender for 
their faults. Elder Oaks says nothing about men specifically needing to 
repent and apologize. I certainly wasn't listening to this with the idea 
that the pictures would teach me what I need to learn, and I hope that I'm 
not the only one who viewed it this way. I know that in my marriage, it's 
often me being the selfish one. but it doesn't matter what gender the 
"perpetrator" is, but who is willing to forgive and repent.Im sure your daughter wasnt innocent either. Dont be blinded by blood.gostaria que tivesse dublado ou legendado; pois não falo inglês... e 
gostaria de saber o que ele esta falando; sou membro da igreja. e amo tudo 
nesta maravilhosa congregação! alguém pode me ajudar? you should really forgive her because i think the lord said it was required 
of us to forgive or else he ramaineth in him the greatest sin.Wow even though iv been inactive, watching the mormon vids always, always 
brings me to tears. for some reason.. very strong.Matt V vs 31-32Because statistically males are usually the cheaters.I am tired of hearing the sentiment (or paraphrase) from LDS members that 
prayer, etc. is the cure-all for ever aspect of life. That concept is very 
narrow and close-minded. It is sad & frustrating to see so many members 
living their lives in a manner consistant with the Pharisees of old. 
Relationships (marriage in particular) are complex and unique for each 
couple. There are so many variables and not all of them can be fixed by 
"praying them better" or working through them in counseling.I often felt that I was the victim in my marriage. Without going into 
specifics, after three years of patiently doing everything I could to try 
to turn things around, I realized that I could not save my marriage. I 
asked for the divorce, and now it has been three years since the divorce 
went through. However, I no longer see myself as victim, and Christ carries 
my burdens now; He heals all wounds! I take no offense at the portrayals... 
I'd rather respect the image of purity in womanhood.I had much of the same issue. We are a minority brother. That is why. It's 
an unfortunate truth. No where im here did it belittle men, or show me where?@bradshaw741I really believe in what elder Oaks is saying. The pain and heart ache of a 
divorce is inevitable. I am married now but my wife is 7 months pregnant 
and moved 2800 miles away and filed for a divorce. We honestly dont have 
any grounds for a divorce. One of our biggest problems is that her mother 
is over involved and instead of being supportive and trying to help us.... 
she is trying to save her from a man who would sacrifice anything for her. 
Never any abuse, addiction or adultery. Pray for us(2)Remember that there are still thousands of women out there who would 
love to be a wife and step-mom to your kids. Try to explain what is going 
on t your kids, don't assume that they know about the divorce simply 
because they saw their Mom move out-sit down and talk openly about it and 
tell them that if they are ever feeling down/ confused they can come& you 
will stop what you are doing to hear them. That is some advice that saved 
my brother when he went through the same situation w/ his wife(1) I know you left this comment 6 months ago but I feel for you. There are 
so many men in this situation with wives that perhaps are swayed by the 
popular housewives reality shows were the women seemingly shop & party all 
day. Marriage & kids is real life, cleaning up vomit and scrubbing toilets, 
sounds unglamorous but taking care of children, husbands and of course 
yourself can be true happiness.pray pray praybut what you do now about your life is never to late. your a infinate being 
of eternal worth. repent of your sins properly and healing and a better 
future will come your way.keeep reading the scriptures and praying sincearly and your quest will come 
to futionfrom someone who traveled on that teritory, i can just say remember life's 
test mostly lands on the individual, how one forgave loved and repented and 
came to Christ matters most.My daughter was fooled by a returned missionary who suddenly changed, once 
he got married. He then, (using Elder Oaks' words), "abandoned" his 
resposibility as a husband. He became a dead-beat, who's only concern was 
to play computer games, literally, day and night, for 2 solid years, while 
he stayed in our house. A hole was formed on our living room sofa's back 
support. He refused to change. We footed the bill for marriage counseling., 
to no avail. My daughter had no other options. Hang in there. Divorce is never easy. I grew up in an LDS home with a 
father who was chronically adulterous, but my extended family and ward were 
always there to support my brother, my mother and me. For me, that was the 
most important thing I needed at that time, and maybe that's just what your 
child needs. I know it's hard, but with the Lord on your side, it will get 
easier.Divorce sucks. The pain that causes divorce is nothing compared to long 
term heart ache after and seeing troubles with your kids as a result. 
Please repent and try to fix your marriage if possible. Love this message 
of hope because I've been through this hell.Amen. People don't talk to me anymore, but have never asked what happened 
or how am I doing. People, who I thought were my friends now shun and point 
a finger. They have no idea. Those who should be at both of our sides 
actually turn walk the other way. How sad for them to break their covenants 
to comfort those who need comfort.that wasn't Elder Oaks message at all. divorce is an an option for those 
who desperately need it who are truely suffering because of the 
neglect/abuse/infidelity of their spouse. However Elder Oaks also said that 
is was not the first option we should turn to when things are going bad. 
you must first sit down and see if both are willing to repent and turn to 
the Lord. only then can the marriage be saved, just one person can't carry 
a marriage.PART ONE HI. I AM 11 YEARS OLD. I really need HELP! My mom's friend got 
married to a Scottish guy some time ago. Victoria wants a divorce, but 
doesnt tell Johni look at my moms txt messages daily). Vicky is like a 
second mom to me , but i wasnt too happy when they got married. now i like 
john and think that he and Victoria beloing together. John just flew in 
from Scotland and doesnt have a job,but he is looking for one. John loves 
Vicki and Vicki loves john, she just has to give him a chance!@RedlineLV You are correct that divorce is horrible. God hates divorce. It 
does so much damage. I believe it is never the right option. We must turn 
to Christ desperately and cry out for His help. It is the only way:) @drsbrettsavage Women file most divorces NOT because of any true abuse, 
adultery or abandonment, but sinful hearts. A man's job is to lay down our 
lives for them and pray.So close to crying. Beautiful video. If I could applaud you, Sir, I would.My wife and I are in the process of getting a divorce. This is the last 
thing I want for now, but it seems that she is really going for it. She 
hates the life of not being able to go out with friends to drink a little 
wine or spend time with her so called friends and stay late at night. We 
have 3 children ages 12-20. The most I'm worried about is my 12 year old 
girl. I don't know how she's taking it, but I'm trying to make it as gentle 
& easy for her. This is a mountain that I have to climb. @redchubs hi! have you read the book of mormon ever? i was young and was 
learning a lot about religion too.. if you have any questions about the lds 
church feel free to ask me!getting a divorce is horrible. please i ask you if you are going through it 
go to christ. he is there. he loves you and wants to help you. HE LOVES 
YOU. I AM SORRY.@redchubs Mormans ARE christians!!!I am currently going through a divorce in which I was an abusive and 
controlling husband. I had many affairs and even manipulated my wife and I 
to have relations with other women together. We have two beautiful boys 
between us. This message has really touched my heart and my soul. I wished 
that I would have been more mindful of the hurt and pain that I put myself, 
my children and my wife through, but alas it is too late. I pray that no 
one should go through a divorce.@elevate4eva and talk to our heavenly Father.God Gave Me A Beautiful Girlfriend & Daughter At 21 Years Old. The Blessing 
Was Hidden To Me By My Hardened Heart & My Blinded Mind. I Recently Lost 
This Girl, Who So Lovingly Lasted Through The Pain & Tears Caused By My 
Immaturity & Iniquities. Finding God After So Long Now, I Now Understand & 
Realize What Blessing I Have Lost. I Am Now In My Process Of Repentance, 
And Will Prove To God That Ill Be The Man He Wants Me To Be For My "Wife" 
And Daughter, For One Day To Reunite & Never Fail Again.There is nothing more painful in the world (in my opinion) then having your 
spouse leave you. Nothing. My spouse is my best friend in the world. She 
left me over a huge misunderstanding that has caused intense amounts of 
pain for her, myself and our children. I love her more than anything but at 
this point it's in Heavenly Father's hands. You can't force someone to be 
with you. You can only pray for a change of heart or in some cases a 
miracle. I feel for those going through similar situations.@leanneattack the seal between husband and wife is broken, but the seal 
between parents and children is kept. either person can be sealed again in 
the temple.@VintageBalderdash Not one of your "quotes" is actually a quote from the 
video. Your last phrase especially is not only not a quote, but a gross 
distortion of what he says. Your statement attacks a position other than 
that which Elder Oaks here asserts. Furthermore, the "no-fault" divorce is 
a myth. Even as people change, marriage is about growing together, serving 
one another, and love, not simply about compatibility. Always there is at 
least selfishness on the part of one or both partners.This is AMAZING thank you Elder Oaks, this makes me so happy to see and 
just gives me a warm feeling :)@leanneattack well the best that i have heard is if we are striving to do 
our best we will be happy. idk what that means sealed to family members or 
what but i know he wont let us be sitting ducks =)@leanneattack My parents were sealed and have been divorced for the last 11 
or so years. Getting a temple divorce is very difficult because marriage 
covenants are very sacred and God will not be mocked. They have to go 
through the General Authorities of the Church (maybe even the 1st 
Presidency? I'm not entirely sure) for the couple to not be sealed anymore; 
probably the only way for a couple to be able to be 'unsealed' is for 
one/both (but generally just one) to break their marriage covenant.My divorese was for the best for my family the kids are Bette away from the 
father special when is abuse@mwood562 . I need to hear thatI recently started to wonder what affect would divorce have on a family 
that has been sealed in the temple could someone please tell me if they 
know?This guy has it wrong. "My heart goes out to the divorced, because their 
partners wronged them." You can have a divorce without wronging someone. 
It's possible things just don't work out. There are times where NO ONE is 
at fault. People change, for the better, for the worse, even neutral 
change. Also he contradicts himself. "When a marriage is dead, you need to 
let go. If you're considering divorce, you're just not trying hard enough."Anyone having difficulties in marriage should watch the movie Fireproof. A 
huge contributing factor to the alarming divorce rate is the lack of 
commitment by one or both. One person with humility and the Lords help can 
make a difference and save a marriage. @chipmunk2007 Hang in there, stay strong. Grow a better relationship with 
the Lord. He loves you, theres no challenge he sets before you, that he 
knows you cant accomoplish :)The problem with marriage is that government is too deeply involved and it 
takes the heart out of it. Marriage should be a spiritual journey between 
two people based on faith, not a joint filing 1040a IRS formApostle Dallin H. Oaks is one of our greatest Apostle in this generation.Wonderful, Inspiring, Lovely.So Im going through this right now and know everything he said is true 
hurts. I feel sad lucky no kidz but feeling alone every hurts soo much 
specially since im married and thing is if it would just be me kneeling I 
dont know what to do and i wanna break down but i wanna be strong and push 
this aside@rockmanlinux That's all you can do . I think your typo actually works . ;)@elevate4eva Two months ago I found out that my wife had been cheating on 
me and it has nearly destroyed me, but in other ways it is healing me. I 
had been falling away from the church and living a life somewhat sinful, 
but now I am drawing close to my savior and seeking his guidance. I have 
been committed to staying and making it work with all my heart, but at 
times she seems to be confused. The guy she had met and been with has 
money; something we don't. I just felt impressed to write you.thanks for the words of wisdom.@TheInsaneJaguar You are not too young to watch this. I know it hurts when 
your parents get divorced. Now I am an adult and happily married. My 
husband also came from a broken home. I think in a way it motivated us both 
to stay together no matter what. I agree its good to see a councilor (sp?) 
not only before your marriage but also during your marriage. Talking to 
your church leaders can also help. My prayers are with you. My parents divorced shortly before my baptism. My prayers are with those 
children who are in similar situations for whatever reason. For me 
forgiving my parents created a level of peace that I can't describe. No 
matter what happened remember that Christ practiced forgiveness even at the 
point of death. Loving kindness can heal even the most painful emotional 
injuries. AMEN!A good marriage takes 2 people to want it . Healing can be the most 
beautiful part of a marriage. However, if only 1 partner is working on it, 
it will fail. May you all who are "that one" find your peace in the 
atonement and call upon divine intervention for guidance in your particular 
situation. The remedy is compassion & understanding. Repentance may be a key, but it 
doesn't work if one is continuously thinking "it's my spouse who needs to 
repent". "My spouse doesn't go to church or studies enough" etc. People 
need to try and understand and have compassion for eachother, there would 
be a whole lot of problems solved if people would try to figure out the 
root of the problem and build an answere based on listening, compassion, 
understanding, etc. instead of " 'I' go through so much"I was divorced years back when my husband walked out on me and my two small 
children at the time.I will say the loss was devastating but you do heal 
from the loss of the spouse.What i found to be the part i am still not over 
is the fact that when my ex divorced me he divorced the kids as well..they 
loss their father never to be heard from again till 20+ years later on 
Facebook wanting to chat with our children this was a knife in the gut to 
me since he has not contributed one dime for them.He started speaking, and the world seemed alright.I love my wife with all my heart but she betrayed my trust by cheating on 
me I have only been married ten months and she still kept things from me I 
gave Everything as well.. I am healing now I forgive my wife and I hope she 
forgives me for anything I have done in my marriage.. I am sadden to say I 
Feel alone. I need the power of the Atonement in my life more than ever.. 
My marriage was so hard on me, I miss my wife Dearly, I cant do anything 
about it nowexcellent advice to those struggling w/ the decision of divorce. @rockmanlinux I understand how you feel.I know what it feels like to suffer the pains of divorce. I have never 
suffered anything more painful and devastating then the loss of my wife. 
Most will not understand, but I loved my wife and still to this day mourn 
over her loss, much like a death. In spite of my love for her, her agency 
is something I had no control over. I never imagined that my heart could've 
been injured so deeply by someone I loved so much! I pray that God will 
have mercy on me, and bless me with His healing power!