My first church I went to was mennonite church.. Then I came to the latter 
day saints mormon church, It was good. The missionaries went to my house to 
teach me some things about the bible. I got baptist in Mormon church. My 
Mom keep me out of the mormon church to go to mennonite church.﻿I can't wait to serve my mission, I'm only 13, but I feel very strongly 
towards missionaries. My bother is on one, and will come home in one year, 
I'm so exited
﻿Awesome﻿So awesome you are a beautiful family. Love your missionary spirit!﻿Brotherhood is of great value in God's kingdom.﻿Shalom welcome! To these YouTube clips for all willing to learn more about 
Christianity,,, are fellow Jewish brothers and sisters...Thanks for your 
kind words!! from a Christian!i know right me too To any Mormon girls or boys out there who are struggling whether to go on a 
mission, do. There's a story about a sis. missionary. during her mission 
she was asked to read a patriarchal blessing to a blind person. She did and 
in it it said that there was this young man who decided not to go on a 
mission. If he had decided to go on his mission, that woman (who had 
recently been converted) would have joined the church 25 years ago! 25YEARS 
AGO! Please go on a mission! - Mormon and HAPPY!i want to serve my mission!I cannot express how grateful I am for my 6 brothers and their awesome 
example to me in sharing and living the gospel. My 2 sisters are the same! 
Thanks for an amazing video and for depicting some pretty amazing guys!I want to bear witness unto all of you who watch this vdeo that I am a 
returned missionary. I served my mission ten years ago, and it feels as if 
it was yesterday. I know with all my heart that I met my Savior while 
serving him, I know I received a testimony of his love and kindness, I know 
that his atonement is Real. He loves me and He loves us all. I have no 
doubt in my heart that going on a mission is the best a young man can do. I 
served in the Texas San Antonio Mission. I come from a wonderful family of 6 girls. I am amazed constantly about how 
much missionary work we have been able to do as well. :) Love this...they ARE wonderful boys! brilliant .you can feel the spirit while watching .blessing to all.lucky family! :D which do you believe... the book of Mormons or the Bible? because if you 
believe the two, it is not possible.. I have met people and had experienced things never to be experienced in a 
life without a mission. I will trade the experience and friendships made 
during that time for nothing in this or in the next life. To serve is a 
precious gift to ourselves and others in our lifeThese are my cousins! We live in a small town in Central Washington where 
there's not a huge mormon population, so mostly all of our friends are 
non-mormon. But I have learned a lot from my family and they're all such 
good people! It's been a huge blessing to be a part of the family I'm in. :)Their family is blessed to have six sons and four of them have served on a 
mission and two more sons to go and prepare to serve on a mission. May 
Heavenly Father continue to bless this wonderful family. My family and I 
were blessed to receive the gospel of our savior Jesus Christ through the 
works of the latter- Day Saint's Missionaries..:)You got it wrong. It's easier than 6 son-in-laws.If they are healthy, happy, and productive citizens, what does it matter?I'm watching this videos and I'm not even mormon. I just enjoy to see and 
learn more about other religions. It depends on the family. Every family is different. Personally, I'd rather 
have lots of love to go around than a bigger house or a nicer car. :)Because you are doing as your Father in Heaven has asked, and replenishing 
the Earth. Being the means of which spirit children can gain a body and 
come to Earth. Its a great blessing and I have much respect for that family 
especially the parents for choosing to have that amount of children and 
loving and caring for them. They are great examples and have raised them 
very well. Those six young men will change the lives of so many people, 
people who are waiting to receive the Gospel. :) I'm happy too!easier than 6 girls! :) If you wnat to be worthy - even if it's a little late for a 2 yr full time 
mission, then you know what to do. Look at those things in your life that 
are holding you back. Look at the love you have for your Father in Heaven 
and for His Son. Go to him, talk to him, and listen to him. Then go talk to 
your bishop. Hard as it is, it's the best thing in the world to again be 
clean. He wants you back - now and forever. He loves you and stands with 
open arms waiting for you. You are His child.Come home!@nngak2 It's true, although I can say that Mormon families don't always 
look like this, but in the end we are happy, and together. :)Awesome examples....thank-you for this uplifting message.im not a mormon but i liked it simply because everyone looked happy :) what 
a great family.Having recently returned from my mission, and having had the blessing of 
serving at the same time as my brother,I know that missionary work truly is 
a blessing! (see Alma 26:3)Arise, and shine forth!Good luck with that....@TimLincecum211 Thank You. From the bottom of my heart. Thank you.this video make me feel at peace and no matter what anyone says, they wont 
chande my opinionI just added a like to this- 6 young men all in the right direction I think 
its wonderful that they know the way to be and are happy- no one is making 
them be this way, no one is paying them to say what they did, they chose, 
they wanted to. I am LDS and proud of it- not a proud person but proud of 
what I have in the knowledge of Christ.@andiechris Don't limit yourself by historical facts. You can recieve 
answers to your prayer. Often they may come in feelings or thougths. The 
creator of all things I believe is the best teacher. Spirit to spirit.@codysteele88 Jesus.@andiechris it is a thing you can never fully explain until you have felt 
it for yourself it is a thing when you feel it deep in your heart i HAVE 
felt it and I KNOW that my church is true i have felt it in the bottom of 
my heart and that spirit has comforted me many times when i have had to 
stand alone on what is right. it is a shining beacon in my life and is the 
best feeling i have ever felt in my life I WILL STAND AS A WITNESS OF GOD 
AT ALL TIMES AT ALL THINGS AND IN ALL PLACES!being a mormon(for me) makes me feel special, loved, and different, and i 
know that i only have this feeling because the lord himself is letting me 
know that he is happy with what im doing, and he's trieng to let me know 
that im in the right path and that if i keep on, one day i'll be able to 
realy feel his love, one day i shall live with him, one day i shal talk to 
him, one day..... i shall see him@andiechris have faith there is evidence this religion is true Dear sir/ madam i am a member of the church of jesus crist of latter day 
saints, i am 15 , i bear the priesthood and i am Teacher. seek of your LDS 
freinds go to church with them.seek of your local missionary's they will 
teach you the gospil. for i testify to you this day that this religion is 
true for i have sean the lord's power do miricles . and when you have 
learnd of his gospil pray to the lord you will reseave an answer i have go 
to lds.org or mormon.org ifyouwontanexanpleofhispwrcontactmeThis reminds me of my 6 boys! All Eagle scouts and all served mission with 
the last one sending in his papers soon:) It is such a great feeling! My 2 
girls also have received their awards, too. I can't leave them out, we are 
family!i dont understand why anyone would dislike this....even if you dont believe 
in the mormon religion, its just the story of a group of brothers doing 
whats right.Sister Missionaries change lives too!How can you base truth from a feeling? Historical FACTS are true. Just 
because you believe it to be true doesn't make it true.I love my brothers. This sure is a convicted family with the good light in 
all of their eyes.This makes me cry and makes me wish i was worthy to serve a mission Very inspiring!!! These parents have such wonderful and faithful 
children...great family!!..Im greatful to be a member of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints..I love this!my friends a mormon, mormons seem to be really nice. I don't now if i agree 
with u guys spreading your religion through youtube though. what a great family, thanks for sharing this with the world. not many 
organizations call upon all young men & women who were raised with their 
teachings, and advise them not to depend on your parents beliefs but to 
pray and find the truth for yourself. what a blessing it is to be a member 
of the LDS church.If Mormonism is true, What then is truth?Awesome video and wonderful family!!! I am so grateful to make part of the 
church of Jesus Christ of later﻿ days saints and to have Elder Reynolds 
serving his mission here in Fortaleza-Ceará-Brazil, specialy in our yard. I 
cried when I saw this video, my son will serv on a mission soon!!! 1:10 "I can change lives, I could bring happiness and joy to everyone 
around me." This is so true. I got baptized one year ago after the 
missionaries changed my life forever and have a happiness like I never 
thought possible before. (female college student, age 21, united states, 
raised with no religion or discipline)6 Boys?