"He is Risen, He is Risen". Love pres Monson. he is called of God, this is how he is a Prophet. Just look and listen to 
this man of God and you can tell. If you really are not sure and you really 
truly want to know the truth..there is one thing that you can do, and if 
you do this with real intent having faith that the answer will come, just 
get on your knees and ask Heavenly Father, our God if President Thomas S. 
Monson is a true Prophet. I guarantee that if you will receive your answer 
if your heart is open. I am humbled to know that Jesus Christ died for me so I can live again. A 
beautiful truth that helps me go on with life. Because God has chosen him to me our prophet for these days. I trust in the 
lord to give us a good prophet and Jesus tells us we will know if he be 
good or bad by the fruit he brings forth. He has brought forth nothing but 
good fruit.saludos pte desde ecuador You may not realize it, but yes, this man truly is a Prophet. And I assure 
you, The Church today is set up exactly as i. t was when Christ himself was 
upon the Earth. If your truly searching for truth, then you have found it, 
I would lay my own life on the line for the statement I just wrote. By 
Their Fruits, Ye Shall Know Them. Can some one explain how is he a prophetI love our prophet <3Happy Birthday President Monson, Happy Birthday to you!@TheOutsider8900 you're right, rely on Jesus. And the way he has ALWAYS had 
us follow him while he is absent is through his prophets. we you can see it 
in the bible, because the bible testifies of it. was moses, abraham, enoch, 
and many more called before jesus came to earth? was not peter made head 
apostle after jesus ascended into heaven? He will always called prophet to 
lead his sheep while he was absent in the flesh my brother, the bible 
testifies of it, and so do I. Monson is gods prophet Monson is an amazing speaker, Thank God we have a true prophet on earth 
today! Happy EasterA prophet speaks of revelation, of things revealed from and of God. If 
President Monson were to say, "You will have days of sadness and of joy," 
who is to say he is not a prophet for will we not? Yes, we each will have 
days of sadness and of joy. It is as simple as this. To say he is not a 
prophet is to deny the truth. He is a man of goodness and of love and he 
brings the word of God and of the Son to the world, to those who love him 
and to those who hate. He walks in the steps of Christ.Jesus is Lord. watch?v=VuwsEvXsp9g " For behold, God, knowing all things, being from beverlasting to 
everlasting, behold, he sent angels to minister unto the children of men, 
to make manifest concerning the coming of Christ; and in Christ there 
should come every good thing. And God also declared unto prophets, by his 
own mouth, that Christ should come." It seems Mr. Monson's purpose is to 
teach of Christ. I believe he is a prophet of God. Perhaps if we heed the 
message this particular video, we will draw closer to Christ.@TheOutsider8900 As a prophet of the Lord Jesus Christ, President Monson 
would agree with you - to rely wholly on Jesus Christ. Did you not listen 
to his message? He does not point to himself, but bears witness of our 
Savior, yours and mine.he is thee man who bring the messages from GOD!!he is thee man who bring the messages from GOD!! i believe he is real and 
will be forever!!! thanks...May the captions be added?President Monson said, what I believe, no what I am sure is true. I love 
our Prophet.I felt the Spirit really strong hearing this video... :)ser mormon es ser felizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWOW! my heart is comforted, my eyes are wet, my soul is filled with the 
knowledge of the divinity of my Savior! Thank you Pres. Monson for your 
testimony of the truth. I was in need of the reminder! God Bless us All!!!It is always great to hear the voice of the living prophet!It is always great to hear the living prophet!Always great to hear the voice of the living prophet!now I am going to have to see the painting when I go thereI love this. Looove.