Ether 12:12 "For if there be no faith among the children of men God can do 
no miracle among them; wherefore, he showed not himself until after their 
faith."﻿This is my mothers story. The gospel is True. Jesus Christ Lives and God 
is, Our Eternal Father and wants us home again. I know these things to be 
true!!!﻿This is my life experience; Secrets of Heaven and miracles are in front of 
our eyes everyday. we just have to pay attention and we will see them.﻿How wonderful! God takes care of His children through their faith.﻿Beautiful experience. A true blessing. God bless her and family.﻿bless her heart jesus she is a Angel   :)﻿We take so much for granted and forget just how truly BLESSED we are. Thou 
shalt love the Lord with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all 
thy mind.﻿FATHER IN HEAVEN it is a blessing to have seen this.﻿I have wealth and I have been blessed with abundance.  I may not be rich 
when compared to my neighbor in the United States, but when I hear stories 
like this it makes me very happy to pay tithing.  I know the L.D.S. church 
uses tithing to build up His kingdom and help His children.﻿This young women's story changed my life! It made me remember how special 
we are to God, insomuch that he truly does have a beautiful plan for each 
of us, we just have to seek it! I then felt I should revert to the 
scripture in Alma 32:30 
https://www.lds.org/scriptures/bofm/alma/32.30?lang=eng#29

 Now, as I said concerning faith—that it was not a perfect knowledge—even 
so it is with my words. Ye cannot know of their surety at first, unto 
perfection, any more than faith is a perfect knowledge.

 But behold, if ye will awake and arouse your faculties, even to an 
experiment upon my words, and exercise a particle of faith, yea, even if ye 
can no more than desire to believe, let this desire work in you, even until 
ye believe in a manner that ye can give place for a portion of my words.
 
28 Now, we will compare the word unto a seed. Now, if ye give place, that a 
seed may be planted in your heart, behold, if it be a true seed, or a good 
seed, if ye do not cast it out by your unbelief, that ye will resist the 
Spirit of the Lord, behold, it will begin to swell within your breasts; and 
when you feel these swelling motions, ye will begin to say within 
yourselves—It must needs be that this is a good seed, or that the word is 
good, for it beginneth to enlarge my soul; yea, it beginneth to enlighten 
my understanding, yea, it beginneth to be delicious to me.
 
29 Now behold, would not this increase your faith? I say unto you, Yea; 
nevertheless it hath not grown up to a perfect knowledge.

 30 But behold, as the seed swelleth, and sprouteth, and beginneth to grow, 
then you must needs say that the seed is good; for behold it swelleth, and 
sprouteth, and beginneth to grow. And now, behold, will not this strengthen 
your faith? Yea, it will strengthen your faith: for ye will say I know that 
this is a good seed; for behold it sprouteth and beginneth to grow.

I wish people would better understand how much their example can change the 
world

Please read, its life changing, if you listen 
https://www.lds.org/general-conference/2014/10/the-lord-has-a-plan-for-us?lang=eng
﻿she is from Lahug. Its is cebu city stake I love Heavenly Father! Nothing in this life is impossible but possible if 
we have faith.FROM where is she in cebu?i like your TESTIMONY .. i know HEAVENLY FATHER loves us so much!! i 
experienced also this one. and i feel the spirit for you sister.. today was 
my baptism. and like ur testimony i can relate ur testimony because it 
happen also that to me.. you are one of the elect. if you have FAITH, 
everything is possible to HIM. CONTINUE UR TESTIMONY!!!!i should pray more than twice...Im living this right now.. My brother is on a mission in tennessee, 
knoxville, and my parents are struggling with bills, and his mission 
payments. I got my Mission call to the Brazil Goiânia mission, and you know 
sometimes it seems impossible that $500 more dollars each month will come 
to aid us. Although I believe in Miracles- from Members, Friends, Family, 
Strangers, The Light of Christ also aids so strongly in Miracles.I love the gospel.....thank you for so many miracles and watching over 
us...... thanks for those who are being strong, and thanks God.This video makes me miss my time spent in the Philippines and the amazing, 
humble, and faithful people there. Excellent video."Faith precedes miracles." :)Saan nanggaling yung pera?I just saw this today and was so moved by her faith! What a powerful 
example. I want to get to know God as personally as she does.God always make a way. This girl is from my mission! The philippines cebu mission, these people 
are filled with so much faith. Now all ye unbelievers how can you deny 
this? Is this little girl lying? Kon naa tay hugot nga pagtuo and ginoo 
motabang kanato uban atong mga pagsulay:)@yahwehhooie by praying you are talking to your father in heaven and you 
are getting closer to him. praying is a great thing. not a bad thing@yahwehhooie what... I think Gpd would like to hear from us everyday. 
Because he's our father, and he misses us. I don't think he would refuse 
our communication with him. Better dial up his phone number if you haven't 
been.By praying you are saying “The divine plan God has for me isn’t good 
enough.”@3:19 "I am really grateful for the trials that we experienced because 
during that time I could really feel God's help and God's love and his 
desire to bless all his children..." There are some things we may not know, there are some places we may not go 
But this ONE thing that I am sure of, and that is GOD is REAL. I can relate 
to the amazing blessings from God through Jesus Christ during a day-to-day 
experiences. Bless the LORD!this just makes me want to do sooo much better. The Lord has given me so 
much! <3 I'm so grateful I have the gospel in my life.oooh! Filipino!!! :Dwow .... i love this church with all my heart wow .... 