What an inspiring woman! I hope I can one day have her optimism. :)﻿I loved this video. Thanks for posting it and for the tag ideas. Love this 
Happy Family! ﻿my mom has 9 kids﻿That baby is awesome. *Nods off in chair* .... *snaps awake* "What? What'd 
I miss?"﻿This family inspires me. ﻿Lol, I wonder the same thing about the 40min process of getting dressed in 
the mornings :)﻿Me encantoo !! I loved !! :') ﻿A great family! Would you also read the Friend or scriptures too? Do your 
children pray and read scriptures in the morning at first? Just wondering 
what I can do in the morning. Thanks! ﻿D'awww. How sweet. ﻿This family makes me so happy! Well done on the cinematography as well!!﻿my 6 yr old made herself some "tags" after watching this video! :-) 
Uplifting and inspiring.﻿The video series "Happy Families" is a great idea. Professional athletes 
have coaches, businessman have mentors and graduate students have advisors. 
What's available for families? Other families. I know several families who 
just have it figured out. I want to learn from them. Thank you, Mormon 
Channel. You can't be too detailed. ﻿I think that is wonderful - what a responsibility it is to have 6 small 
children. Bless her heart..she is a great example of what a Mother should 
try to be. And she does it with a smile(probably not all the time) but 
that's okay.﻿I really like this video, 
This video touched my heart ,I love my Family💓﻿Love this video! What a Happy Family. ﻿Baby Kenny is the best part. Adorable!﻿Thank you for sharing your Family life...the most important activity all of 
us humans will ever do....my name is Jennie,born and raised in the 
SwissAlps #9 Child ﻿this is my life goal﻿I too hope to have a family like that one day. Thanks for sharing this 
beautiful video. ﻿What a job! Being mom with 6 kids must be hard, but enjoyable at the same 
time... how wonderful a happy family can be!!

And the baby is the cutest thing ever c:﻿ดีจัง﻿This is my cousin and she is amazing!! Such a sweet family. I love how real 
she is about the stresses a mother feels so often in her roll. A great 
example to us all!﻿we used to have massive sock wars with forts and catapults... i miss those 
days﻿Perfect Family, Happy Family!﻿Sweet scriptures?﻿Go Mom!! ﻿That little guy just chilling in his chair was awesome :-)﻿That was cute seeing that little guy in his baby chair watching the chaos 
move around him﻿When my kids (6) would dress themselves, they came up with clothing and 
pattern combinations that were pretty outlandish. So that people would know 
it wasn't my fault, I created badges that said, "I dressed myself!" The 
kids were so proud to wear them, and I was off the hook.﻿First!﻿Love it!﻿I really like the tags idea!﻿A really uplifting video that really gives me hope :) gets me thinking and 
dreaming about my future family! Thanks for this!﻿It's wonderful to see a happy family...with all the problems in the world, 
this is nice to watch. Have to share it. ﻿#sharegoodness ﻿Wow! God bless them.
﻿That baby sneeze haha! :)﻿