I don't understand why people do thumbs down on this!﻿I felt like I was watching a bucket of happiness over flow on to any one 
who just watched this. These are amazing nice people who are Chang the way 
people think. Making them think wow they really need --- I could help them 
that's why it has changed the way I think﻿So awesome love it﻿AWESOME!!!﻿I wanna make a speech 👍. Helping Other's and doing things for free will 
make you so happy 💖. Its not what you get its what you give to make 
Other's proud 💞. Remember it's better to give then to receive 💟.

~Strawberryswirl💝﻿oh i thik that this is such a lovely talk﻿The love that you feel-
You can pass it on.
Sharing light bright and real,
Of Christ, it is strong.﻿Cool﻿ohh so beautiful😂﻿This is such a SIMPLE but POWERFUL message. Sometimes our little acts of 
kindness and service can make a HUGE difference.﻿When someone is sad cheer them up even if there be nice make it right not 
wrong.2 wrongs don't make it right﻿Love it!!!😀﻿My service to watch the girls for free, Words of a true spoken pedobear.﻿Love it!!﻿Service is our ReligionYes, but service is very important in our religeon.Are you LDS, or prospective?hey!!! SUD AMÉRICA???? uruguay argentina chile brasil? Absolutely correct that you don't have to be a Mormon to be a decent human 
being. Doing good is a basic part of being good no matter your religious 
beliefs. President Monson's advice is for all of us to find ways to be of 
more service one to another. Is this not the Savior's plea for all who 
would follow Him?it doesnt matter if you become a mormon or not just doing something nice 
for someone else makes you a better human being, i am mormon and it does 
make me a better persontrue, but mormonism is based on kindness to others. Where does it say only mormons help people in this video? I hear a 
religious leader saying make sure we are always helping people, I think 
that is "decent human being" advice. What do you think your comment says to 
the world about you? I don't understand people who have to be critical of 
eternal truths. Being Kind to Others, is an eternal truth. This video isn't saying that only Mormons do good things for others there 
are plenty of non-Mormons out there that perform service on a daily basis 
it's simply saying how important it is in our religion for us to perform 
service for othersGreat message. Peeps need to take a chill pill and stop hating.. 🇬🇧True. But it's not saying that only mormons are people doing nice things 
for other people. It's just promoting kindness, generosity, and humblness, 
giving everyone a reminder to be a decent human being.Love!I agree we adults can learn alot from our kids on kindness and service,yet 
we do need to show them when they are very young to start Being a Helper!@briisizzle your right, but no one said that doing something nice makes you 
mormon. But it seems that mormonism tries to promote nice acts, at least 
thats how I understand it.@briisizzle We are not saying that doing something nice for someone makes 
you a Mormon (Later Day Saint). The message is reminding us members to not 
think we are better than others, but to have a heart full of service, 
kindness, and love, to Everyone no matter who they are. You know how not 
all rectangles are squares, but, all squares are rectangles... You can look 
at this message the same way: Not all kind people are Mormon But, all 
Mormons (Later day Saints) SHOULD be kind people@briisizzle I have a question for you, are YOU mormon? I'd just like to let 
you know that's not what the message is about, we aren't saying that if you 
are doing service then you ARE mormon, the message is to do service and 
help the world :)@PhillipSchoen It's true, it is different from others, all the leaders 
don't get payed, they are volunteers, and they love it. Something is 
different from this religion. I feel like it's something good. :)@PhillipSchoen In a good or bad way?@briisizzle you are right, you don't have to be LDS to do nice things for 
others. But that is what our religion is centered around, service.I'm so glad to have children some members and non members who love the Lord 
our God and are teaching their chidren kindness and service. @briisizzle We never said doing something nice for someone makes you a 
Mormon... The message is reminding members to Be a kind person, its 
reminding us that we shouldn't think that we're better than others because 
of our religion but to show us the way we should act... kind, loving, full 
of service, no matter who is in need.I love being a Mormon.I'm sorry but doing something nice for someone doesn't make you a mormon, 
it makes you a decent human being. @Unicontro Good question. As a Mormon, I'd say it depends upon the 
individual who's serving whether he even mentions if he's Mormon. In my 
experience, we usually only specifically credit our Church when we are 
doing large-scale service activities. Missionary work/proselytizing CAN 
result from service, but not always, since the main priority here is just 
to help other people out. If you want to know more about Mormons' thoughts 
on service, please check out mormon.org/service/How could anyone click dislike on this message? Service is universally 
applicable principle. The Prophet's message is serve those who need it. How 
can anyone dislike that?This was so nice. Reminded me to give more This is marvelous. I think the small things can matter most, an arm around 
someones shoulder or a genuine smile. It is amazing what one can do to lift 
another!Absolutely love this message!This is a great example to my children and myself. There are so many 
opportuniites for us all to do good each day. We just have to respond to 
the promptings. wow, the mormon religion is very interesting.Lovely :)have I done in the world today? have I cheer the sad? ...excellent. I think this is a good message to send. From my own memory, this kind of 
thing can easily make a child feel like he/she should help. The problem 
seems to come with keeping them with that feeling. I think it's easy for 
them to forget that it is not a one time thing. The ending of the video put 
a question in my mind. How much Mormonism is usually communicated in these 
kind of favors? After you are thanked, do you credit the church, or do 
simply say you're welcome and forget the religious aspect?