6:50 2 Nephi 32:3! That is such a great uplifting scripture!﻿I just came home nearly four months ago and I miss this video a lot. I am 
glad I've found it! It brings back good memories! Thank you! This is so 
inspiring!﻿My daughter Katy and me were up at Temple Square the day before yesterday 
and I noticed in one of the exhibits on missionary work, a name tag with 
Elder Bott's name on it. I was wondering if this name tag was his.  My name 
is Jim Leger and I'm from Orem Ut.﻿I love these district videos. these are really helped me to be better 
missionary. these missionaries are great. I know these missionaries really 
helping to missionaries who are serving through all over the world. now all 
they are already married or keep showing good example for others. but they 
always still missionaries stayed in my heart.﻿The Rodríguez family had two wonderful missionaries Ryan came to my mission 
in Montana and I never met him but I saw him he said his Dad hasn't gotten 
baptized yet he served as a zoneleader and was serving as that when he went 
home. His Sister was serving at the same time. I love these videos I miss 
watching them. For two years I saw them and loved them. GO MBM!!!!﻿I love Preach my Gospel, missionary work is wonderful! :D﻿I wish there were more reality shows like this﻿I'm not a Mormon but thanks to the Shaytards I have been wondering more and 
more about your religion. Although I believe in Jesus and God and have been 
a christian all my life LDS is getting my attention and since missionaries 
never knock on my door I just watch these videos :) Thank you ♥﻿We are all sons and daughters of our Heavenly Father so if we are from the 
same Heavenly Parents we're all brothers and sisters.I would really appreciate a secong season of the District if you would 
please, Thank you.God its with you, and some they your parents will know that you are very 
special son of God.You will be eternally gratefully, for make the right choose, you can do it 
! We refer to each other as brother's and sister's as a sign of respect in 
Christ church!As we are all brothers and sisters of a loving heavenly father, we are part 
of his family, such as our earthly families are. As such, we call each 
other brother and sister to remind not only ourselves, but god that we 
acknowledge that truth. Why is everyone referred to as brother and sister? Was that the last one!???!? Ahhhhhhh! I love it so much!*whereI am from NZ and I promise that you will have a wonderful mission, don't be 
afraid the members in NZ are beautiful people and always remember it is not 
she you serve but how you serve....you are blessed to be going to NZ. Serve 
well and return with honour. God bless.I'm leaving on a mission in 5 days to New Zealand. I'm so scared, but I 
know my heavenly father and my Uncle Jeremie will be with me. Best wishesI love the missionaries! Mine brought me so far. Now i'm just an inch away 
from my baptism. Just my parents aren't sure about that. But I continue to 
pray and it'll work!MY FATHER DONT WONT COME WITH US TO CHURCH ... ONCE HE ACCEPTED AND TY TO 
ELDER ECHEGOYEN AND OUR HEAVENLY FATHER HE CANT MAGINE DONT GO AND 
PARTICIPATED IN CHURCH!I myself was resistant about going to church but once I got there I can't 
imagine not ever going back.i love this show so much! i'm proud of the missionaries in this series! 
what a realistic summary of serving a mission! watching the home comings 
and all of the episodes has triggered so many sweet memories from my 
mission! i sincerely hope there are more episodes with new missionaries and 
new areas!now THIS is what a Reality TV show is. Great real stories with professional 
production. Well done! God bless those who are honestly seeking Him, His Kingdom, and His truth.We have a niece that will be entering the MTC in Provo on the 11th of Sept. 
She is going to the Adelaide, Australia mission. She will be a great 
missionary. ¿Do you Know if is it going to be translated into spanish? It would be nice!my daughter leave for barcelona spain (sister letinu) change can be difficult, but its all we need. change means been 
flexible,teachable receptive and accommodating.it is the most constant.These videos truly capture what it is like to be a missionary. It is the 
most powerful, trying, learning, growing, moving, serving and interesting 
times of your life. Youth, put your interests aside and go and serve the 
Lord while the opportunity is thereNo, it is not. :)What a wonderful video. I testify to you, to choose a mission over any 
other decision on this earth today, in the name of Jesus Christ Amen.Maybe that means something. Contact your local missionaries! I LEAVE FOR SPAIN NEXT WEEK! GAH!It was extremely unlikely to me that I would ever live not alone, isolated. 
I loved Heavenly Father and Jesus christ, but felt that he would never 
forgive me for my sins, and I had never encountered "Jesus" people that 
actually lived the admonishment of Jesus Christ. Everyone I had met could 
not get past my sin. The Mormon Sisters were different, so unexpected. I 
thought I was hard, but they said that I was pretty easy.Elder Christensen nailed it on the head- you should be tired when you go 
home. it's the most exhausting time of your life- but definitely the most 
rewarding. :] I'm grateful for missionariesSo touching! I love this videoThis gets so intense!!! But it's so good!! I'm not a Mormon but I really do 
like this!!I love thisLoved it! always always we'll be missionaries!! and witnesses of Christ.....My dear 
brothers never think that this is over until the Great Jehova said the work 
is over.FirstThis reminds me when I was taught by the missionaries for the first time. 
The Holly Ghost spoke to my heart in such an intense way that I could not 
deny that the Church was truth. Thanks for sharing this nice videos. People 
change their lives in amazing ways when God puts his hand over them! LOVEI love the district so much...Is this the last episode? :(I love these videos!