Thomas S. Monson is just as awesome as Gordon B. Hinckley. He carry/has the 
same types of qualities that Gordon B. Hinckley had.﻿Walk in these shoes for an hour .....!!!﻿This is quite an impressive 1-hour special on the church's current 
president.﻿I'm not a Mormon but he seems like a very good man and a worthy replacement 
for the great Gordon Hinkley. Even though I'm an atheist I always liked the 
Mormon kids I went to school with. They were all very kind, inviting and 
very smart and dedicated at whatever they did. Also everyone of them were 
great at basketball for some reason.﻿hail to the prophet﻿Thank you for this video. Pres. Monson you inspire me. I couldnt help but 
cry as I watched. Your examples of service, love and devotion will forever 
be remembered. You are my mentor.﻿posting on August 21, Happy Birthday to President Thomas S. Monson, he's 
88!﻿this is such an inspirational video clip........ love it to bits 💯❤﻿soooo aosome﻿This movie inspires me. It testifies that God uses just ordinary people to 
be profound leaders in his work. It inspires me to prepare now so that the 
Lord can use me to bring about much good in not only His church but this 
world.﻿Merci president pour votre exemple ﻿I'm grateful for President Monson and his great example. ﻿I love my heavenly father ,i love my prophet ,i love my church so much ,I'm 
glad i grew up in a Mormon life﻿Hello.I am 52 years.I live in Poland.I want to be a Mormon.I suffer from 
schizophrenia.In Poland, I have no way to be a Mormon.I am far from a 
Mormon temple.Poles are becoming Mormons a very short time.Officially in 
Poland in 1500 Mormons.Actually maybe 100.Polish Mormons are fast becoming 
the return of Catholics.You can not be friends with anyone.That's why I 
want to live where there is a lot of Mormons.This may be the United States, 
Mexico, Brazil-where are Mormons.I want to live like a conservative 
Mormon.Polish Catholics are intolerant.Ridicule of others, do not take to 
work.Theoretically there is freedom in practice it is not.How do you live 
when all your friends turn away from you because you're not Catholic?In 
Poland, I can not because I will profess Mormonism in isolation like a 
leper.What to do?﻿I love this(:﻿This video inspires me a lot, im too inactive member for the last 15 years, 
but when I watched all videos here in Mormon Channel really change me a 
lot, I feel God's presence I know that CoJCoLDS is true and we have a 
living prophet whose Thomas Monson to continue the will of God... I love 
this church!!! God is with us..... ﻿I have heard it said a prophet of God such as Abraham & Moses were more 
than mere men, but I say, they & ALL Prophets are regular men that were 
willing to obey the Lord even at the cost of loosing that which they held 
most dear, or feared, at all times, in all things & in all places: 
President Monson fits this pattern.﻿What a man of faith. He is a prophet of God!﻿Very nice story﻿I'm a non active member and I'm humbled by this mans life, his 
accomplishments and his service to those around him....I enjoyed this video 
so much....thanks for posting.﻿This is such a wonderful video and it sure touched my heart!  I love you 
President Monson!﻿This is a great video about our Prophet!﻿inspiring ﻿quien sabe donde lo puedo encontrar en español ?﻿THANK YOU THOMAS YOU ARE AN INSPIRATION TO ME I CRY ALL THE TIME WHEN EVER 
LISTNING TO YOUR WORDS I FEEL LIFTED AND NEW WHEN HEARING YOUR VOICE I LOVE 
YOU AND MY HEAVENLY FARTHER AND JESUS AND THE SPIRIT OF GODIndeed we do ! So great to hear! Best of luck with finding your own answers. You already 
have 15 million new friends :)I'm a investigator in the church and my. Sister is already MormonAfter my mother died i was worried about her, all the family were baptized 
LDS and in a dream she came to me to tell me to get on with my life in the 
church, i noticed where she was ,was a white hall and many other people 
were there with her dressed in whjite except for Thomas S Mon son who was 
there dressed in a suit , i got the impression he was a visitor to the 
people and this was before he became a prophet,that memory is still as 
strong today as it was 10 years ago 1/10/2013 Powerful story of a great leader- thank youThomas S. Monson, I love you brotherAmenA well pointed out spelling error but he didn't purposely mean to demean 
our Heavenly Father. God is the on is control the Prophet just follows His 
Direction.could be autocorrect making capital letters of names and not God.... around .10 to 59.55 was unreal.I like mormon girlsCarlos I agreearound 15:48 "she always sustained me" and it shows them in a picture 
holding their hands up, almost like they're sustaining him :)Em so aprendendo mais da vida dele amo ele mais cada dia. Sou muito grato 
ao Senhor por ter nos dado um Profeta vivo que nos guia ao Senhor pelo 
exemplo mais do que a palavra.I can't believe that you could write the name of that man with capital 
letters… but God with a lowercase "g"…Um Homem eleito pelo Senhor JESUS CRISTO sou grato por sua existência O 
mundo seria pior sem um proféta dedicado! I am so grateful for President Monson who is a loving and caring prophet of 
God. We strive to follow his example. Happy Birthday, President Monson. We 
love you!! Happy birthday beloved friend and prophet of our God! You have blessed my 
life more than I can ever express in words! We do have a living & loving prophet here on earth!!!;Happy Birthday 
President MonsonEstou aprendendo a amar o profeta. ♥I think that sync between video and subtitle does not seem to be matched 
very well... :(my mother has always spoke highly of Brother Casto, this was a great story 
to watch.On the Lord's Errand. I really love the prophet! He is the living mouth 
piece of the Lord here on earth... My spirit was touch and I don't know the 
feelings that I have felt. The Lord loves us when he calls prophet to lead 
us... You must watch this...!It is people like this that makes the world a better place. We thank thee O 
God for a Prophet. A living Prophet of a Living Loving God.How blessed we are for his loving example!A life a commitment and dedication. I better go do my home teaching 
tomorrow hahahaha What a man of God. It's obvious he's been inspired and guided throughout 
his life, and we can follow such a good example to become more fully 
Disciples of Jesus Christ. I'm grateful for President Monson and his 
example. I think the example of helping that family from Germany touched me 
the most. How kind and thoughtful, and motivating to me on how a small 
group of people can do great things in changing others lives. Thank you for 
sharing this wonderful presentation. Old people completely unaware of the truth.I am happy for all of the Prophets down through the ages & THE BOOK OF 
MORMON!!!!This video was incredibly inspiring and a great reminder of the human in 
President Monson and his amazing example of faith, obedience, and humility. 
Very touching.I am so grateful that we are blessed with a prophet to guide us and lead us 
in the way of the LORD. The Lord has not forsaken us nor will he leave us 
alone without guidance. He loves us. Might we take time to pray in Faith to 
know if he is called of God, I did and received an answer and you will too. 
It is important that we heed and listen to his counsel for these things 
come directly from the Lord himself. where is the love button? No. His wife Francis did. I think this is just to inspire all of us to do 
better in this life. I TESTIFY THAT IT IS TRUE THAT PRESIDENT THOMAS S. MONSON IS A LIVING 
PROPHET OF GOD HERE ON EARTH TODAY. inspiring No, He's still alive. ;) who? Thomas s. monsoon? no he is alive and is the most inspiring person 
ever Here is a wonderful film about President Thomas Monson.NoNo, his wife didlol noAwesome Video We have a living prophet on the earth! I know that Thomas S. Monson IS a true prophet! He is called of god.