Thank you for sharing your story. It has been an inspiration to our family. 
My son was diagnosed with Sarcoma cancer in September of 2011. We learned 
about you and  were touched and encouraged by your faith . My son James has 
passed away on March 31st of 2014 from the cancer going to his brains but 
we were so grateful for the blessing of knowing that the Lord does live and 
that He does succor us in our times of afflictions and trials. I know 
Heavenly Father has a plan for each one of us and that we are to continue 
with that plan on the next estate when we pass on as my son. I truly felt 
my Heavenly Father's love for us when we were going through those days of 
our son's cancer. We became more acquainted and knew of the Lord's love and 
tender mercies through that experience. I would not trade that experience 
for anything in the world.It really was a blessing in disguise. We learned 
so much and were so thankful for the opportunity to be his parents even if 
it was just for almost 32 years. Thanks again for your inspiration!!﻿I was wondering if anyone knew how I could get in touch with this couple? 
This video has been an inspiration for us as my husband has fought cancer. 
He was diagnosed 7months after we where married. And is still fighting over 
a year later. If anyone knows and if they would be willing to chat that 
would be great thanks!! I love it when videos/movies end with a thoughtful message. I felt such joy 
when I saw that he is again cancer free.I found this video very helpful especially at this time while I'm going 
through the same situation. Being diagnosed with cancer is not an easy 
thing to cope with but thanks to Heavenly Father for being with me every 
hard times.I am so grateful I came across this video..I am a 20 years old adult going 
through the same situation at the moment. This video has helped me 
strengthen my faith that Heavenly Father is with me as I am going through 
my treatment and this hard time of my life. Even though things have changed 
with my life but I know and believe that Father in Heaven has a great plan 
for me in the future... I wonder if these were the people that Elder Bednar talked about in March 
2013.Praise Jesus of The Holy Bible , His living Word , look at Psalm 103 [ 
healing scriptures - John 3:16-17 , Romans 8:28Wow, what a show of testimony - Daniel, in the face of adversity, placed 
his whole life in the hands of Heavenly Father. So comforting to know that 
the Lord is listening to our prayers. I have been plagued with cancer all 
around me - family and friends, so far our power of prayer has helped in so 
many different ways.So this must be the couple that Elder Bednar discussed. That was fantastic, thank you for sharing. "Ye of little faith", love that!What beautiful faith. Thanks for sharing.Amazing! I needed to see this. I was born with CHD, I accepted at a young 
age that the trials for myself and my family that came with that had a 
purpose, I was so glad when months turned into years since my last surgery. 
recently I've found out that this may not be the case. There maybe one last 
step out onto the raging seas. But I know that God has a purpose for me, 
for everything I've gone through, that its his plan that I'll need one more 
I need to trust him. Thanks 4 the reminderI am so grateful I stumbled across this message. My sweetheart was 
diagnosed with a massive brain Tumor Dec 20 of 2007, just 4 months after we 
were married. My sweetheart is still fighting, but it brings comfort 
knowing there are others out there in a similar situation, pressing forward 
with Faith in the tender mercies of our Heavenly Father.My grandmother was diagnosed with cancer in her gull bladder. After months 
of treatment and surgery, she is finally free from it. Never once did she 
doubt that the Lord did not care or did not hear her cries of pain. Never 
once did she falter in her faith and blame our Heavenly Father on her 
condition. She grew in her faith and is free of disease, like the man in 
the video. Heavenly Father loves us and cares for us, even in our hardest 
times.Love the comment starting at 4:34. Thank youwow. what an awesome couple, a powerhouse couple. people like these two 
prove that couples can make it through anything. best wishes.I love how you're humbly seeking the Lord's will in this. This will matter 
the most whether in life or death. I wonder if you've heard of the work of 
Stanislaw Burzynski. He's had success in curing many forms of cancer, 
without destructive chemotherapy.@discoqueendivas Beautifully said. Thank you.@thermionic1234567 How so?What an amazing story. Thanks for sharing it with us. You are great 
examples of faith and having the proper perspective. Best seminary teacher ever!:)Thank you for this video. I am a young health care provider, and 
unfortunately I recently diagnosed a 27 year old father of 3 with cancer. 
It was my first time having to tell someone they had cancer, and I was 
choking back tears when I told him. That experience was very difficult for 
me, and I can only imagine how hard it was for my patient. Absolutely beautiful. Last night I had the privilege of listening to a 
lesson on the importance of family, taught by Daniel's parents. I'm so glad 
they taught these principles to their children, who now have the 
opportunity of sharing it with the world.@thermionic1234567 Does that really matter?@mirellehop But not about theology.Yeah brother Hedlund!this guy was my seminary teacher and he was amazing. thought provoking... thanks great vid. great story.I can learn so much from the examples of these two wonderful people!"As a Child" President Eyring April 2006 Conference.It was either this or Ray William Johnson. Hmm...I think I made a good 
choice haha!