Im thankful for life and hope and love and courage.﻿Love this!!﻿<3 ur vids﻿I'm thankful for this earth my home my brothers my mom my dad and 
everything I hold dear 😄﻿What is, and how do I get that multiple screen zoom out effect? Can anyone 
help me! A youtube link please or template I could be referred to use for 
my video editing?﻿It's good to watch this video today on ThaNKSgIVING﻿I'm thankful for my health, kids, and wife as I get older. #sharegoodness  ﻿My husband and I are thankful for the Plan of Salvation that our Heavenly 
Father has provided for us :) <3﻿I am thankful for everything but here is just some of them, the church to 
be here on earth and my great family.I am thankful for my talent to rap, I want to help people trough music. 
Great video, God bless !This is so funny, but so true! No one said technology. I'm Thankful for Heavenly Father and that he loves us all regardless of our 
faith. I'm grateful to know he truly knows us and of our needs no matter 
big or small. He is always willing to bless us if we do what is right 
always.I am thankful for knowing that God loves me.Im thankful that I came to see the God of the bible and left mormonism. I 
have a lot of great friends that are mormon, but mormonism isnt the 
Christianity which is what the bible teaches. Im not here to pick a fight 
and im sure my post will be deleted and Im willing to talk with anyone but 
the Mormon god is not the God of the bible. I hope those that see this do 
there research :) God blessI am thankful that God is not a man that he should lie, and who existed 
from eternity past and in our begining made man in his image. That I am 
reconciled to God the father through christs self sacrifice, and his grace 
by which I believed and am saved.I love watching this video when I'm feeling unhappy. It always lifts my 
spirits. Did anyone else notice how all those people looked happy as they 
were talking about things they are thankful for? Gratitude definitely makes 
us happier.I am so grateful for the Prophet and the Apostles, especially Elder Oaks, I 
met that man and he was the nicest person I had ever met:) I'm thankful for the power of the Aaronic Priesthood which I behold and all 
my priesthood members, and I'm thankful for my callings as a teacher in the 
Aaronic Priesthood... I could go on but there are many things I'm thankful 
for!I needed this video for my english homework :PI am thankful for my family.@AOGLDSMember92510 Amen :)This video was a wonderful reminder for my family this Thanksgiving day of 
how much we have to be thankful for. It is worth 4 minutes of your time 
today.[[[ Everyone! Thumbs Up this comment so it'll be noticed please! ]]] If you 
were in this video, and see this message, email me! I'm a beginning 
filmmaker and would like to do a catchup version of this someday (unless 
the church is already planning on doing so...), but need to get in contact 
with everyone. Thanks! :]I like counting my blessings... simply because it makes me happy to 
recognize all that god blesses us with in small and simple ways from day to 
day and to give him something small in return. :)I think i be thankful for my problems and challenges cus even though I hate 
them and it sucks when they pop outta nowhere, it's those challenges that 
make me who I am and help me know who is really there to support me when I 
need them most.This is my favorite Mormon message... I watched it years ago.. and it's 
still my favorite.I am thankful for still feeling the love of god, although I´ve made so many 
mistakes in my life. I am thankful for all the good friends , my family and 
neighbours, who gave and give me their love.I am thankful for my knowledge of the one and only true church. The church 
of Jesus Christ of later day saints!I'm thankful for my ward family that takes care of me watches over me&helps 
me over come my educational disabilities with them I wouldt have s family. 
I'm also thankful for the special gifts of the holy ghost to help those of 
who I do not know&then plant a seed in there hearthow can you not like this video? I am thankful for mormonmessageshaha, I am thankful for macaroni and cheese. and everything else :)I am thankful for the ability to have so many uplifting materials like this 
available to us in a world so distracted by everything else. And for 
Sundays. It's the one day I have time to reflect on all the things I missed 
during the week.I am thankful for the opportunity the church has to utilize the world wide 
web in a way that just helps us spread the news faster...I love to be Thankful! So many things we all have, but fail to Thank Our 
Creator.In no particular order: —Modern conveniences, DVR, concrete, steel, 
transportation, medicine, uplifting things, audio books, my wife's 
chocolate chip cookies (the new recipe and the old one), the laughter of my 
three daughters at all times of day, home made soup, protein shakes, the 
gym, the wild, bibs with the little built in food catcher trough thing at 
the bottom, Food Inc., predictable shelter, excitement, acceptance from my 
wife, trials designed by my Savior.I am very thankful for: the restoration of the true church and the restored 
priesthood authority in this dispensation and a prophet of God and that we 
have new revealed scripture the Book of Mormon, D&C and The Pearl of Great. I AM THANKFUL FOR MY SISTER DOREEN HADDEN WHO DIED ON 22 NOV 2010. SHE WILL 
BE IN MY HEART ALWAYS. LOVE YOU LOADS SIS XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXWould have been great if all youths are inclined to stream this kind of 
videos instead of the norm. Much more like, it will be great if ALL would 
prefer this kind of videos. God help us all.I am thankful for the Atonement, Restoration, the prophets, and 
missionaries! I am thankful for rap and hip-hop (expect Lil wayne), I really like women 
and Runescape too, so this is what I'm thankful for.im thankful for being thankfullim thankful for being thankful :PI am grateful for family and friends. I am grateful for my savior and his 
unlimited love towards me. I am grateful for lights. I am grateful for kind 
deeds others do for me. I am grateful for heat. I am grateful for these 
messages - Thank you.amen!!Beautiful video - Happy Thanksgiving!Thank You!im thankful 4 da plan of salvationAll the MM's are great and some have moved different emotions in me but 
this one... this one makes me really smile... I can't stop grinning. I am 
so happy the church made this movie. THANK YOU!!! such simple answers, 
honest and hopeful. and from new yorkers!!! Kudos!I am thankful for my strength, my daughter to motivate me to do better for 
us, I am thankful for unconditional love I feel from heavenly father, I am 
thankful for my job pulling m back into work after a 2 1/2 month lay off, I 
am thankful for the goverenment asstance from keeping me off the street and 
have a nice warm apartment to live in, I am thankful for my churches 
support in hard times with rent and electric bill, I am thankful for the 
missionaires that stopped me and taught me the gospel.I'm thankful for Mac and cheese too! Haha I'm actually thankful for my 
wonderful friends :)l am thankful for the Holy Trinity, Father, Son and Holy Spirit.... One God 
and Father! Praise be to our Great God and for the beautiful gift of the 
holy Eucharist.I am very thankful for this video and has given me an idea that we should 
be thanking our Heavenly father and his son Jesus Christ for the things he 
has done for us. :)What a great way to start my day....in Thanksgiving. I am greatful for the 
laughter of my children, loving husband, & wood that warms my home. I am 
greatful for my testimony of God the Father and his son Jesus Christ. I am thankful for my God my family and my ability to type... and sculpt.... 
and for my mouse.... and my keyboard.... and for Ramen soup... and 
facebook..... and for socks... yeah socks.... and for good friends and 
Zbrush!I'm thankful for this video and for all the wonderful comments that have 
helped me to pause and reflect upon all the things and circumstances for 
which I can express gratitude to my Heavenly Father.I love it!!! Good stuff.i'm thankful for my parents, teachers, and my brother)) What's the music of 
this video?I am thankful for the Atonement of Jesus Christ, the love of Heavenly 
Father, no matter how far we His children stray, & for the love of all that 
I have or may soon have. I am grateful & thankful to all of my friends, 
family & Church Family. I don't know where I'd be without them, Heavenly 
Father, Jesus Christ or the Gospel. My biggest fear would be that I 
wouldn't be on His Earth. But I am thankful that He's watched over me and 
guided me to where I need to be. & I'm most thankful to Morm. Msgs.I'm very thankful for this video. It brought a great feeling to our family.I'm thankful for my wife and children.I am thankful for this video.Let us give thanks for all that we are For our personal talents to journey 
far For adversities and for God's plan For the blessings I receive from His 
hand I am thankful for Mormon Messages: sending me love, smiles, and musicI like the comment by Elder Oaks about Tevye(one of my absolute favorite 
movies)I think they should really do this more often, just go into a city or town, 
and interview random people about their opinion in a gospel-related topic.i didn't know there were so many mormons in new york!Beautiful!i am thankful i have no school tomorrow. i am grateful for things that 
bring joy into my life when everything seems emptty and i feel like 
nothingness. I am grateful for animals like bunnies. and dogs and i am 
grateful for nature and that it still exists and i hope that it doesn't 
have to continue to be destroyed. i am thankful that god will guide and 
direct my life to light and that through trial and adversities and hard 
work and diligence and faith and trust, i can be lead to promises in storeTo the guy who said "A simple intelligent conversation," I say.... Amen to 
that, brother.I'm very thankful for a loving God who knows me, watches me and has blessed 
me so greatly. All I have is from Him.i am thankful for everything!!! except for the bad stuff. i am grateful for 
thanksgiving where everybody is expressing what they're grateful for!!!I am thankful for a perfect creator who has created and organized a perfect 
plan that all of his eternal children and creations might have joy , for he 
knows when a drop of water falls from the skies , he knows when we shed 
tears of hurt and joy, he cares and he is very much part of our lives, we 
must always be thankful for his majesty and greatness, to truly appreciate 
it we must be lower than the dust of the earth , for even the dust obey him 
in pure persuation.thanksgiving last happened six months ago and i can't help but keep coming 
back to this video....i love the feeling of gratitude, and i'm glad to know 
my expressions of gratitude don't fall on deaf ears. thanks, Heavenly 
Father. thanks for being so kind to me, and for showing me in so many ways 
how much you love me.I like the guy that offers to email a list of things! I'm the same way!! I 
think when we really get down to it, there are so many wonderful and simple 
blessings we receive daily we could never count them all. Thanks for 
helping me take a moment and realize this!!Awesome...... it's always so nice to find something so peaceful on YouTube..... : DIm so happy that the church did that video!! I am grateful for to many 
things:) but the most important are the gospel, health, family, a house and 
bed, food, Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ!!!!!!im thankful for just everything. :) im thankful for the gospel, my family, 
everything!! :)well iam really thankful for Billy Currington, the Baylor Bears,The Dallas 
Cowboys.Iam so thanfful that every Easter my whole family loads up our 
stuff and head out to the sand dunes.i'am thankful iam not a member of 
P.E.T.A.iam thankful that i get to go fishing all the time.and iam really 
thankful that the Dallas Cowboys get to play on national tv every 
thanksgiving. and hell yea iam thankful for heavy metal musiciam thankful 
that Wendover is kinda close to me here in WVC.oh well there you go..That girl who said "Hows my hair" is sure cute! But I have to say that I am 
grateful for my family and friends. I wouldn't be here without them, and I 
love the man at the end who talked about his two boys.I am thankful for atoning sacrifice of our lord Jesus Christ.and the pure 
love of Christ.,and also I'm thankful for the truthfulness of the gospel 
that we have now.Mormon Messages get better and better every day!!! Thanks so much and keep 
them coming!!I like what the guy in the red shirt in the upper left had to say.I love this video, I am thankful for positive people who post positive 
warm-hearted videos :)A mother and father still with me and in love with each other. How 
wonderful it is. I'm thankful I have that in my life, too. And also, I'm 
thankful for soap.I am thankful for my membership in the church, that I know who I am (a 
daughter of God), that I know why I am here (to have a body and gain 
knowledge) and where I am going after this life (to be with my Heavenly 
Father) if I live worthily.