yes very emotional you can tell when he starts tearing up. wonderful!!﻿This song is amazing.  It makes one to appreciated the art of music more 
and more.﻿AMAZING! I was looking for a version of this song to listen to because it 
is Palm Sunday ,the day 12 years ago my mom walked through the gates that 
were opened wide to her. It blessed my heart more than word can express 
Thank The Lord for Stanford Olsen﻿Makes my heart sing﻿HALELUYAH﻿This is one of those rare performances that is so staggeringly emotional 
that it simply touches one's heart as little else can. It is beautiful, and 
for whatever reason Professor Stanford's voice quavered and his eyes filled 
with tears, it will remain a teaching moment on many levels. He is blessed 
with a marvelous voice and ability to communicate as few others are able to 
do. Wonderful!﻿This is such a magnificent expression of faith.  Look at members of the 
choir.  They (the ladies) radiate an inner beauty that reflects the 
presence of Christ in their lives.  This presentation is an inspiration.  
Only when Mr. Olsen tells us that the gates to the city were opened wide 
and that no was denied, does he briefly lose his composure.  I confess to 
losing my composure, as well.  It is a natural reaction to understanding 
God's Grace.  Undeserving as we are, He has opened the gates.  I am on my 
way.  Please join me.   ﻿l heaven song!﻿Maravilha ! ...Não ha duvidas,que é o absoluto prazer da alma. Promovendo e 
dando aquela força em especial,a bela melodia.E difundindo,aquele intenso 
brilho !﻿Tout simplement divin... Mon meilleur chant lyrique.... Incredible performance.Such a beautiful rendition, I come back again and again to listen! -Love 
it! So powerful! Thank you...I needed this..so much.The best version ever of this beautiful hymn how he holds it together after 
nearly losing it is wonderful to see Thank you Stanforld Olsen, for bringing such beautiful music and emotion to 
this divine song. I have listened to this numerous times and I cannot 
listen to it enough!I have lost count of the number of times I have listened to Stanford Olsen 
sing "The Holy City". It is so beautiful; he is so talented and so sincere. 
I hope we can hear him again.Wonderful! God Bless Stanford Olsen & the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.I"ve heard this song for many times and remind me that x-mas is coming 
everyday ... Love this great performance....Parabéns aos Mormons por nos brindar com essas vozes maravilhosas.It's a mark of his professionalism that he was able to get through it. I'd 
have been a blubbering mess. I've often wondered how the Choir makes it 
through some of the songs. Music is such a blessing! Thanks so much for 
posting this.This is such an emotional song. I find it very hard to sing it without 
choking up. Nice to see other singers have the same problem.Absolutely beautiful. I love this song.Absolutely unforgettable! At first I couldn't believe my ears when this 
great man's voice broke in the final verse of "The Holy CIty" -- but after 
seeing his face beaming with joy once he had regained his composure, I 
believe this performance is a treasure far more than one that had come off 
perfectly.My mother loved this song and I subsequently do, too. This is marvelous! 
Bravo, Bravo!whoever disliked this - shame on you! Takes a lot to touch me and this did.Every Christmas when I was young, "The Holy City" was performed as a 
piano/organ duet in our ward. My mother loved this song. While at BYU, I 
found a piano rendition and learned to play it. Every time I went home to 
visit my mom, she would lead me to the piano to play it for her. Mom has 
been gone for 14 years now and whenever I hear this song I think of her. 
This performance is magnificent!!! I had goosebumps throughout it. Even Mr. 
Olsen became emotional during his performance.AmazingI love the CD recording of this and have often thought "huh, that guy 
sounds just like Prince Ragotski from PBS' Great Performances recording of 
Candide." Well, now I have a name to go by and... he's the same guy! I'm 
amazed that I made that connection. I'm officially a big Stanford Olsen 
fan!!!we were all in tears while watching this video in our stake center. thanks 
for this wonderful music! everyone felt the Spirit :-)