I love this message. Really needed to remember this today.﻿This is great to watch when you get bad news﻿Love is not end﻿Brian Wnek approves this messages.﻿I know that it had to be a prompting, that Elder Wirthlin said what he did 
at General Conference, when he did.  This great fact of leading a happier, 
more righteous life, could enrich everyone's life:  IF we allowed it, too. 
A friend of mine gave me a fridgie magnet, once-says "Come what may, and 
love it.  Joseph Wirthlin.  Really keeps my thoughts, spirit up, and at 
them.  ﻿This is a very hopeful and comforting message. Love how he talks about 
laughter, compensation, and trusting in the Lord. I came away with comfort 
and peace from this short message.﻿Thanks, I love you Elder WIrthlinBet ya I m going through some trials wirh dad s passing away and mom s 
Altzehimr s yet this speech is the balm I waited for!What changed you? What was it that convinced you? His voice is beautiful. Like Christs would have been.I needed this today. I can hear the LORD speaks through HIM :')Thank you Elder Wirthlin your counsel and love lives on and has greatly 
impacted my life for good for many years. See Elder McConchie's talk "What Think Ye of Salvation by Grace?". It's 
available at speeches.byu.eduThis man made me tear up :'(. This is absolutely genius advice because it 
is so simple and a strong testimony. That's how you know this is godly 
advice. This is such good and Godly advice. I'm so grateful to know that a loving 
Father in Heaven exists, He is real, He loves all of His children all over 
the world. Jesus Christ is real He loves all of His brothers and sisters 
all over the world. The Bible and the Book of Mormon are both real and true 
books! How I miss Elder Wirthlin....He always tempered his wisdom with 
humor. I miss that! May God Bless everyone, everywhere, no exceptions!"Trust in the Lord and do your best, and leave the rest to Him." I wish the 
world could see the power of this simple statement. We don't have to have 
all the answers at once. Just strive to do your best and He will grant you 
the strength as long as stay mindful of Him. I miss this guy....see ya up there Wirthlin<3"Este es un gran mensaje del Presidente Faust. He usado esta frase antes, 
'Vengan los que deseen y amen' (algo asi) muchas veces en mi vida desde que 
la escuche por primera vez. "Hubiera deseado que la musica de fondo fuera 
mas callada. Parece como si estuviera compitiendo con el discurso demasiado 
y le quita su suave, fragil y poderosa voz. "Yo trabajo para el 
Departamento de Servicio de Medios de la Iglesia y se el trabajo por el que 
pasan al hacer cada mensaje Gracias por todo lo que hacen!@krimmola You got people praying for you, you can do it.I like how the "i am a mormon" "campaign" videos get tons of "dislikes", 
but when anyone sees a video of what mormons actually preach and believe, 
it doesn't get nearly as many "dislikes" because they know its good stuff 
that mormons believe in! This was the first talk i ever heard. My friend and his family took me to 
this Conference long before i was a member. It will always be my favorite 
talk :) And congrats @jaf829 I was baptized may 16, 2009. While i do have 
some issues with members of the church here and there, i can never leave 
this Church. I was Roman Catholic :)This was my moms favorite video:) She loved it with all her hear. And now 
as im watching it i understand more of why she loved it. I love you mom. 
R.I.P.@Wakenatemt traducelo al español por favor@jaf829 felicidades yo era catolica, y ahora soy lds, sabes ese dia cumpli 
2o años y 5 mese de ser miembro esta es la iglesia verdadera lo se, ahora 
sigue y si puedes vez a la mision yo estoi tratando de ir el año que bieneI really, really needed it. I am struggling with a very difficult trial in 
my life. I am struggling to do what Elder Wirthlin suggests as well. And I 
hope I will win.I love this message!! Thank you Brother Wirthlin *tears* I remember reading the talk in the ensign on my mission. Watching 
this makes me remember the feelings I had while reading the talk. Elder 
Worthlin, you are defenitely missed :)@jaf829 Praying for you! Hope all was good with your baptism @filhadosolg That is the bauty of these messages, God bless you my friend! This is amazing!!! I just watched a bunch of others and this made me both 
laugh and cry. I love the Savior and my Father so much. I have had bad 
experiences throughout my life but I consider them now to be blessings. I 
am a convert... And I am glad and proud to be a member of the Church of 
Jesus Christ.Huh... this is possibly the least offensive video put up by "Mormon 
Messages". wonderful video.It is heart touching message.I love this talk .. .it also helped me through some tough times... LOVE 
LOVE LOVE the gospel of JESUS CHRIST :D @jaf829 Congratulations Jaf829 you will forever be blessed, this will be a 
change for you but only for the best, i am SO VERY PROUD OF YOU!.....you 
make me so happy to know you have the strength to make this big change, 
know that you have entered a very loving family. God bless you and please 
stay strong :))))i Love this video, and i will be baptise on 23 July 2011, but this video it 
push me to do my baptism earlier ow god please help me, i was Muslim. I love this video it makes me stop and think a little more take deep 
breaths and go on. absolutley beautiful I love Elder Wirthlin.. May his blessed body rest a while peacefully until 
it reunites with his heroic and loving spirit. THIS man, is a true example 
of a son of God.Just what I neede to here...come what may & love itt....<3So simple yet so profound.@kuvtsisnyiamkoj everything you experience in life is for your benefit and 
learning. Happiness will come, I assure you, if you do what is right and 
stay close to the Lord. As long as you do that, you WILL be happy. 
Guaranteed. Your life will be blessed inevitably. You just have to hold 
fast through loneliness and suffering, and the light of Christ will fill 
your soul with unimaginable happiness. If you are lonely, pray for company 
and comfort. It will come. God wants you to be happy. Learning to respond to adversity and disappointment in a positive, hopeful 
manner is one of life's most important lessons.How marvellous, I get strenghtened every time I hear the words of these 
latter day Apostles.Amazingly Beautiful and Inspirational. amazing talk, amazing man, amazing Spirit. I Miss Elder WirthlinI am watching this tonight and I am so touched by the spirit that I watched 
it over and over. What a great talk to help pull you up when you are down.I love this video! It helps remind us that this life is just a small blink 
until we will be in the presence of our Father in Heaven and we won't have 
to experience sorrow again! All we have to do is trust Him and allow Him to 
help us through this life :) I love my Heavenly Father and thank you 
everyone for your testimonies! They're great keep up the good work 
everyone! We'll see our Father soon! :)Thanks so much for this video. Whenever times get tough I always know 
there's an inspiring Mormon Message waiting for me! ;) These really do 
help, encourage, and inspire. Thanks again!BEAUTIFUL I LOVE YOU JESUS CHRIST YOUR MY ROCK !!!!@9501599 I'm glad you, too, have found the LDS church as your center in 
life. It makes my heart swell when members share their testimony about what 
they've learned and what they feel. So glad that you are my Brother/Sister 
in Christ. Be blessed, Child of God and be loved by those around you. :D@MiizzAng I'm glad that you've chosen the LDS life. It is SO rewarding with 
the people that you'll meet, make friends with and have lasting 
relationships with. Cherish all the people and lessons you learn. You never 
know when you might need them the most. I am SO Thankful that you are a 
part of our loving family. You are a child of God and I'm glad that you've 
found your way. Sister Flowers in Co.@MiizzAng your testimony helped me so thank you!Joseph B. Wirthlin was my favorite Apostle, ever since I I first heard him 
speak as a newly ordained Apostle in Sacramento Ca.@MiizzAng So...how far have you come my friend?Beautiful.This guy is great I love what he says, its so great he was a man of GodThis talk has helped me more times than I can count. You are missed Brother 
Joseph. We thank you for what you left us, and you are always missed.@MiizzAng did you become a member? I did the same thing you were doing some 
years ago and I have never looked back even though times were and are hard 
the saviour did it for me I know he will be doing it for you. God blessi LOVE THIS TALKi love it i really need it to.I find this massage very wonderful!@MiizzAng You are awesome!I love this message!..put ur trust in the Lord..do ur best n leave the rest to the Lord..amen!!I LOVE THIS! :) Just yesterday I went to the cemetery where my 
Great-grandparents, my Granddaddy, and my uncle are buried. It was sos 
comforting to have the Gospel in my life,, and know about the wonderful 
Plan of Happiness and know I WILL SEE THEM AGAIN AND LIVE AS A FAMILY 
TOGETHER FORVER :DI have to assume that the 20-something people who gave this video a "thumbs 
down" rating, didn't actually WATCH the video but probably just clicked on 
all the Mormon message videos and gave them all a bad rating out of simple 
dislike of the Church. And some people claim that we're blinded....*sigh*I love this message!@mastad23 this is so true :)I am not LDS, but this was beautiful !!!!There is a time to weep and a time to laugh, a time to mourn and a time to 
dance. How wonderful to listen to his comforting wisdom and encouragement! 
This is one of the kindest talks I've ever heard for those who are 
suffering and how to have peace and comfort through sorrowful or trying 
times.ThanksI found great comfort and encouragement from this talk. I felt great 
compassion too. I'm glad I could listen to it.Happiness is a state of mind. Hold tight, to positive and good thoughts and 
resist the negative or the influences of the tempter. Serve those around 
you and you will find depression will leave and love fill your soul.I just love to hear these apostles of God speak. No matter how you feel 
they always have the right words to say to uplift, motivate, and make you 
feel like life is worth living. Thankyouthis guy is inspirational! thanks for sharing your wisdom Elder wirthlin!Those are words of deep wisdom uttered by a true disciple and apostle of 
the Lord.Trust in the Lord with all our Heart and Love Itthat is true....RIP Elder WirthlanThanks Elder Wirthlin... I have shared this message to many and tried to 
laugh more at lifes issues.What a wonderful message. :)Exactly what I needed today.It gives much confidence to go forward through trails by seeking Lord's 
help..this is a beautiful message i personally love it !!!!!!!!!!I just want to thank Mormon Messages for posting these great videos 
up.These are some of my favorite talks and to see them put to life with 
music and b-roll is really something great.it is Elder Joseph B. Wirthlinwise words.this is James E Faust isn't it, not Joseph Wirthlin?Always remember Gen. 42: 21 ... ¶ And they said one to another, We are 
verily guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the anguish of his 
soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear; therefore is this 
distress come upon us.such great advice.... advice that I greatly needed.i cried when i found out he died and i cried now as i heard him.....Thank you for this beautiful message!!! It has truly touched my heart!!!!!This is one of my favorites, it is amazing I love it!