All that matters to me is this. I pray for love, peace for everyone.﻿this is so heartwarming I teared up﻿Every year it seems that we need this same reminder.  The world just sucks 
us in and thankfully we have reminders like this where we can step outside 
of the world and remember the Savior. He is the reason for the season.﻿Universal035:  I want you to know, that from now on, you will be in my 
thoughts and prayers.  I also want you to know that I feel for you so much, 
to the point of tears.  And, I send you a hug, as your sister through our 
Lord and Savior Jesus Christ; as well as a child of God, like yourself, 
like everyone.  Universal1035, you might want to remember that, everything 
in and about mortality is temporary.  You need to be good to yourself, by 
letting go, and helping others; worse off than yourself.  You will feel so 
good, because that is how you keep the savior's messages of love alive; and 
you will feel the Spirit for every holiday and your birthday:  in fact, 
every day you are in mortality.  I love you very much, and hope, somehow, 
that I will be able to meet you, someday.
Take care, and May God Bless You!!!!﻿I almost cried cos its always the younger ones who are innocent and know 
what's best sometimes .... this little girl knows the true meaning of 
Christmas and that is to remember our Saviour Jesus Christ who was born on 
this day :) <3 Merry Christmas everyone ﻿"X" is greek for christ﻿Mormons are Christians, we believe in the words of the Bible and Jesus 
Christ, we fallow HIS commandments and we fallow his words.God Bless You!Same thing...I always love to watch this video!CHRIST is the sole meaning of Christmas I cannot tell whether this comment is made in jest or not; the tone of text 
is sometimes hard to read... but while The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints differs in some respects from that of the broader 
Christian world, its foundation, its core, is that Christ suffered for our 
sins, atoned for them, and after being crucified, was resurrected. Every 
other practice or principle revolves around that belief, that Jesus Christ 
is our Redeemer. Beautiful xmas message,greetings from South America.I love it. The christmas spirit is very important. Sometimes the children 
can teach us about that.actually its a mormon message Yes, and isn't it wonderful that we have the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints to bring this message to the world.I remember a Christmas like that. I told my girls that Santa was poor and 
we would not have gifts. It was the best Christmas ever, because I 
remembered Christ and the secret Santa remembered us. Have a Merry 
Christmas everyone.It is made by Mormons...This is one of my favorite Christmas videos.. a reminder of what it is all 
about.. sometimes we need to be led by the little ones...I love it. yes, may we live in spirit of Christ, not the physical of X'mas...I love mormom messages! So glad I came across this! Going to show it in 
sharing time next week since it will be my turn to teach the primary kids :DTHIS MADE ME CRY... This video is not a Mormon message. It's a Christian message.What a great message and how well it relates to our time.I always thought of it this way as well: "Mas" in Spanish typically 
translates to "more". Thus, if we see it in this way, we can rearrange it: 
Christmas = More Christ Merry CHRISTmas, everyone! <3Merry X-mas from South America.A profound and beautiful message from our LDS brothers and sisters. Merry 
Christmas and Hare Krishna.Very well done. Thank you for helping me reestablish my priorities this 
holiday season.Great video. Love it. :)very beautifulTouched my heart! wow... people actually disliked this? how?.... how?i just really like the whole vibe of christmas the presents and all dont 
really matter to me so much as the natural joy of everyone Beautiful@missjanenc It's called the holiday season buddy. Christmas simply is a 
subspecies of it.Not going to lie... This got me tear eyed :)@missjanenc not true, it began as a pagan holiday, it had nothing to do 
with the birth of christ ,but it is a wonderful holiday in place to remind 
us that the days will now starting to get shorter and therefore, the winter 
season is beginning its close. Warming up the heart like no hot chocolate or eggnog could ever do. Thanks 
for the blessing in a reminder of the Spirit of Christ.It's a sad truth, but today, the world is forgetting the true meaning of 
Christmas. This beautiful video is a wonderful reminder of the things that 
are most important, especially around the Christmas season. Were it not for 
the birth of our Saviour, there would be no Christmas season to celebrate. I prefer a non-spiritual christmasWonderful video!! Grandma MaryI wonder what the reason is for thumbs down. Behaving more Christ like is better than any religion. We should behave 
more like Christ not only during Christmas but everyday in our lives. Cool story broHave a very Merry Christmas, with the blessings of peace, comfort, and joy! @HARMONIZING1 in the new testiment, luke, matthew, john, and mark all have 
accounts of the birth christHow can you not like this? Sorry to those that don't, may God bless you for 
being honest in your feelings. @HARMONIZING1 It was in the Spring when they did the census and it was also 
near Passover very same time of year he was crucified.I love this! Without Christ there would not be Christmas. Have a very very merry christmas ♥♥I know how this man and his family feels!My how quickly we forget. How beautiful.Man I wish that Christmas wasn't so commercial now days, and we could have 
more little angles like her to show us the true meaning of christmas, that 
it's not about money or the presents or the decorations but the one who all 
brought us here, god. :)Dear God we love you in everyday and think of you its not all about 
presents its about your birthday and we will do that and i say this pray 
everyday and pleaz thet it snow for cristmas and let you see me open my 
presents AMEN X For lots of people Christmas were for the gifts :/ for me christmas was 
always to bring the family together :) its better to give ^^ than to 
recieve :) wuldn't you agree?it made me cry.. i miss my family :(Wonderful video!@NANCYYJOSUE Oh yes, me too...Ray brought me here.IT MADE ME CRY...A little angle reminds her family the true spirit and meanings of Christmas 
is Christ and the selfless love and sacrifice that he gave for all.God bless all!! Everybody had great xmas? Anyone want learn Japanese or 
chinese?Beautifully shot and wonderfully told. Our 5 year old daughter did a 
similar thing making a nativity scene out of toilet paper rolls lol:)Very humbling.Well done! Thanks! Great video! Merry Christmas! =)Well just because you do not acknowledge it for what it is doesn't mean we 
should stop doing so. It is to commemorate the birth of Jesus Christ, the 
Son of God. Our Lord and Redeemer, and yours too. He loves you and began on 
the night of His birth the long walk to Gethsemane, Calvary, death and 
Resurrection to prove it to you. You will have greater joy in life if you 
learn of it and come to Him.You will know the infinite peace of His love 
for you and the purpose of life. Youll have eternal life.Perchè i mormoni prima ti cercano e poi? Perchè i mormoni prima ti cercano 
e poi ti cacciano via solo perchè non obbedisci solo ad uno dei loro 
precetti("semplice precetto")??? Che razza di Dio predicano? non dovrebbe 
essere quello dell'amore?Funny you'd say that. My six year old was saying her prayers a couple of 
nights ago. Among other things she said, "Bless the daddies who are out of 
work." When she was finished I asked her, "Why did you say that about the 
daddies?," thinking someone had told her about the economy or something 
like that. She said, "I don't know. I just thought maybe there's a dad 
somewhere who doesn't have a job." She's said the same thing a couple times 
since then. I think little kids get it. She made me think.This was so pretty! i kinda teared up a bit. This does show th etrue 
meaning of christmas, whether you believe or not. President Thompson gave a 
beautiful message.I am Catholic, I am NOT religious, but this video is so touching. I 
actually felt like a better person after watching that video...I texted to 
someone "Have a Blessed time with family." I am scared of myself. Thank you 
so much...now I'm confused. But thank you for the video.MERRY CHRISTMAS from Brazil!!!!Thnx Simply Awesome! Peace out there. May We be lived in.Thank you a lot from Italy! :D This is the real Christmas Spirit.Simply BEAUTIFUL!! Merry CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!! "May we live in the spirit of 
Christ" our Savior and Redeemer! Arohanui all the way from Aotearoa (New 
Zealand) XOXMerry Christmas Everybody : )Just enjoy it for what it is. Don't worry about what it represents for 
someone else.You say that mentioning Jesus doesn't help and reminds you of 
what you don't believe in. Is it equally fair to say that the 
commercialization of Christmas doesn't help and distracts Christians for 
remember what Christmas is all about for them.Whatever you belive, the 
season is to be enjoyed so let's love it for what it means for us and not 
be distracted by what it means for someone else.thanks.. i needed that.. i almost forgot what christmas is for^^@rarwtrisha same to u :]Heart warming :) heartfelt Christmas blessings to everyone!hermosoI think of christmas as a time of family bonding and togetherness, not a 
religious historical day-- even though it is. I don't know where I'm going 
with this. But to put it straightforward, I'm not a member of any religion, 
and I don't plan on ever being in one, but I do believe in the positive 
atmosphere that christmas brings. Mentioning Jesus doesn't help people who 
are enjoying the holiday for what they see it as, and as instead reminded 
of things that they dont believe in. At least, for me.thanks a lot and merry christmas to everyoneI teared up a bit. That was great.Merry Christmas=)Sometimes it takes a small child to remind you what things are all 
about.....Merry Christmas Folks......... The family followed her to the scene She had created with toys It was 
lit up like a dream Splendid and created for joyI appreciate the reminder of putting first things first!Beautiful video... Merry ChristmasThis was sweet and simple. If it were not for Christ, there would be no 
Christmas. Jesus gave the ultimate gift! MERRY CHRISTMAS!Beautiful video :) Marry Christmas everyoneBeautiful video :) Marry Christmas everyoneThats the true meaning of Christmas. Merry Christmas to everyone 
!!!!!!!!!!!!! And a happy New Year!!!!!!!!!!!:) +‹<<=merry christmas everyone and happy new year