K5I wish my family had been this close growing up. Don't quite remember 
playing with my dad like this when I was a kid. Do others have Mormon ads?Love itthis messages remind me of my father. We have the Best Mormon ads!Awesome ad@YanlingSentinel I know for a fact that many of them are. It was filmed in 
Utah with all local talent, but that doesn't mean that the entire cast and 
crew were LDS@snoborder912 I'd say its because in a stereotypical American family, the 
father is usually working and the mother attends to the children. These ads 
promote more time with father because he is most absent from children's 
lives.@YanlingSentinel I bet all of them are. The church tends to use their own 
people for their production.Haha! I love this! I want to be a parent like in these ads. @YanlingSentinel Well yeah, they are actors. . .Reminds me of my dad. :) Family is everything.I love that it's always dads in these LDS family ads. I wish our dads were 
all a little more like these.bet none of the actors in this are mormon... Because men are like little kids, women always have to take care of them. How come it always Mom ruining the fun and Dad playing :)Be great if they had this kind of stuff on regular TV instead of bombarding 
us with awful commercials..my husband likes how all of the mormon wives in these commercials are 
always SUPER hot... finally the world knows what they're missing in Utah 
lol <3Mormons were among the settlers of the old west and im not much of a 
religious lover but i give them credit for how they helped in those hard 
times especially in the civil war. @ScienceReasonBelief oh, well great! =)Haha that is so cuteThey should show these ads on every channel :D theyre just awesome!translate to Spanish pleaseI miss Utah.@MesiabLabs yeah it's great. I mean, they portray it so clearly, and it 
makes me laugh watching all these videos. I love em!@rivenrock Wow. Your comment appears to be full of so many assumptions 
based on a one minute commercial ad. How do you know that the husband and 
wife don't take turns making dinner? How do you know that the mother 
doesn't ever play with the kids? The fact is (and there is evidence to back 
this up) that fathers are less likely to spend time "playing" with their 
kids, reading books, etc. I think you're missing the point of this 
commercial: It's important to spend time with your children.Sweet message! Thanks for sharing! =DTraditional family unit, wife in the kitchen while everyone else plays, 
role-playing game where the 'helpless' girl needs to be rescued by the men. 
Yep, that's an LDS ad all right. Imagine what a little diversity and 
equality can do for your family.That was tight... So cool nd dope!!These are seriously the best commercials ever! I LOVE THEM!They really went all out for these Homefront ones. Love them!lol lol :)I love these commercials. They are definitely my favorite type of 
commercial.They should put this on the big time networks. You know, like Fox, CBS 
,ABC, and NBC.That's my backyard! Woot! My house is awesome.Funny enough Ive seen some on MTV, scifi, comedy central, discovery, and 
travel but thats itwow. the new "homefront" ads that the church has produced are definetly the 
best yetThis is a great clip! I need to do some of these things with my kids.Awesome!I thnk its awesome the LDS church spends time and money on promoting 
spending time with your family! Only if the rest of the world did this.These are def some of the best ads the church has put out! Looks great!!!These are well thought out and very well produced. I love them -- 
especially when I see them on TV!What a greast video. Important message in a time when fathers spent too 
little time with their children and they should be spending more.niceness!!! i love the new 'spots'!haha these new ads are fantastic :)These are soo adorable! =)Go Cougars! Beat Utah This Year In Football!!! Oh Ya Great Video Too.this is so cute! How I wish mormon ads could also be aired on tv stations 
here in the Philippines. : )These are great little reminders of what is really important in life.amazing!These commercials are awesome!They're also rather entertaining, in a sweet sort of way.man that was great, loved itWow, this is so sweet. I love it. :-) Thanks!Mormons love spending time with familiesnice onethanks for sharing. It made me reflecting on how much time I spent with my 
kidsI love these messages. They help make bad people good and good people 
better.