let see all the temple on the earth!!! what a beauty and glory to god and 
his son the lord jesus christ my god !!!﻿Love it!﻿"High on a mountaintop, a badger chased a squirrel..."﻿Actually no...In 1 Timothy, Paul is speaking to him out of concern for his 
leadership & preaching at a young age. Paul is exhorting Timothy to watch 
how he lives his life and preaches his doctrine as a leader/preacher and he 
will succeed (save his life). Paul is not speaking about the salvific power 
of Christ at all. It's akin to an older corporate officer telling a new 
executive - hey watch what you do and stick to sound decisions and you'll 
save your backside.In 1 Timothy at the end of chapter 4 Paul speaks of "saving thyself". Of 
course we know that comes from Christ.Come back brother! We love you! :)its a Mormon Ids song its beautiful GreatAs an agnostic myself I salute you. I'm an old man who has been through a 
lot. I highly respect your decision to question organized religion. One can 
be honorable and moral without the constraints of a 'religion'.a great choir singing a good number and great organ playing.From the Christian perspective the offense probably comes from the final 
verse / final line..."to save ourselves and all our dead". For Christians - 
salvation is from God alone (one cannot save one's self nor can one save 
others). That being said - it is a great hymn and you are correct the 
Mormons have exceptional music.Amen!Yesnot Mormon.....yet I do hear great music and song in my heart! "America's 
Choir" said Ronald Reagan USA President Even though I've left Mormonism and am an agnostic now, I still like this 
song.I feel ever insatiable listening to any presentation by the Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir. ''High on the mountain top a banner is unfurled''. Great hymn.Great hymn!Great song!I feel the espirit of God,thanks...How in the name of High Heaven can 4 people dislike this video? It must be 
because the name of "Jesus" isn't mentioned. I am not Mormon, but this song 
almost makes me wish that I was. It is one magnificent song. The Latter-Day 
Saints can take great pride in their musical heritage, because they possess 
some wonderful hymns.when i hear this song it calms my soul down and i feel at peace. This is my favorite hymn. I find myself humming to it throughout my school 
day.Everytime I hear this song I feel closer to my family and Heavenly Father. 
My grandfather wrote this and am very proud to have his last name and 
belong to The Church Of Jesus Christ Of Latterday Saints.Long live the Church of Jesus Christ and His Holy Priesthood!fav church song : only song i can singe as well haha with my low voiceI always listen to this while I'm running or working out. My friends think 
it hecka weird that I work out to motab, lol I don't care thoMy favorite hymn !!!i love this :)Such a beautiful song! This makes me very "high", without chemicals. A wholsome endorphin rush.I feel like I am on the Mountain Top when I hear this great music. amazinggg 