Be smart don't start ﻿Very inspiring story. Thank you for sharing it with all of us.﻿so sad but your pain has help me to understand why. I lost my son 16 years 
ago but it seems like a day. I think of him everyday and feel sad.   Thank 
you for being so brave to tell us . xxx﻿within all mankind is a reserve of energy that can be raised up with the 
right images and choices made, stimulated perhaps with a image of your own 
chosen god, or already ion use to deliver all goodness and happiness that 
is possible to experienced.﻿I'm so sorry for your loss of your loved one. I am sending prayers. ﻿The dad say around 1:05 that it all started changing when Mikey was hanging 
around his FRIENDS!

Show me your friends and I"ll show you your future.﻿Very touching. Thank you so much for sharing this It really hit home for 
me. My prayers and love go out to your family. ﻿Enjoyed, but accidentally hit the "dislike" button with no way to change 
it?﻿Thank you for sharing Beard family, my heart goes out to you.  Your 
courage, example and strength motivates me in parenthood, thanks again!!!﻿Thank you for sharing your story. It is something I have wanted to do since 
I lost my daughter and didn't know how. I love the way you described and 
open hole in your heart and how the Savors sacrifice helps heal. I feel 
that also. Sending faith and love. Jolene Brooks﻿This hits very close to home, very similar to my late sister-in-laws story. 
 Thank you for sharing.﻿My sincerest condolences on your loss...  *wipes tears*﻿RIP MIKEY..GOD BLESS YOUR FAMILY.﻿Sad for the parents too...﻿I like how she talked about a hole that goes right through you that never 
closes up, but along with hole is a softening that comforts you along with 
that hole. Good message.﻿Everyone with a love one on drugs worse nightmare come true😔So sorry Mikey 
didn't make it. May he rest in peace. My heart goes out to this family ﻿Touching. Inspired﻿Must see﻿If u only new this pain. Everyone would think differently. With out 
Heavenly Father I never knew I would pull through. Thank you to the love 
God and my church community of Christ. Much love to my mormon family.﻿Thank you so much for sharing your family's story. My family went through a 
very similar experience several years ago. You're right that there is 
always a hole that doesn't heal, and I love the way you describe so 
accurately how God's grace helps us so that hole isn't so raw and painful. 
Over the years, there is some peace to be found. I wish you that peace, and 
continued comfort. God bless you. ﻿Thanks for sharing this personal experience.  You can really feel the power 
of the Holy Ghost and the love of Christ with your story.  Thank you.﻿My children have each had rough spots in their lives and done things they 
shouldn't have
but
I cannot imagine the pain you've gone through.
Thank you for your courage in sharing this to encourage all of us.﻿I'm in tears listening to your story.  So sorry for your loss.  Thank you 
for sharing Mikey's story.﻿FIRST COMMENT! but this is really a sad video. May god bless us through our 
trials if we so deserve.﻿