This video brought tears to my eyes as it reminds me of that spiritual 
storm that my country Samoa faces. However, Quentin L. Cook shared a 
wonderful message about the gift of the Atoning sacrifice of our Lord Jesus 
Christ that thou had prepared for u that redeem us from our sins. However, 
he had taught about the important of seeking higher grounds to live and at 
the same time be faithful of the Lord and his great gospel.I was serving in Samoa when this happened!!...Beautiful people who embraced 
the gospel....Best two years!!..Thanks for this wonderful talk of truth...It`s really shreded my 
heart...thinking back of this unforgetable and painful exprience. Thanks to 
the Mormon Church, your members came up with open arms of love to help and 
comfort us at these times of sorrow....The real love of Christ was felt by 
us through the service the church has provided. I will continue to watch 
this wonderful video, and remember the Samaritans that helped us went 
through our darkness times...Thanks to the Mormon church....@BOON70 An amazing and inspirational story. Thanks for sharing.Tha Lord always gives warnings...Prepare and ye shall not fear.. Thanks for 
the video that speaks so clear on how we should be prepared for life's 
storms.I'm sure this is a great movie, but once again I can't watch this because 
it won't download. It sure would be nice if you could let us download this 
and other Church videos so we could watch them without a zillion starts and 
stops and also be able to use them during lessons.Love It!I love my savior, Jesus ChristBeautiful testimony of Jesus ChristThe Samoan are a great example to me, especially in times of crisis. They 
learn to rely on Christhaha, I've never seen so many widespread thumbs up in a comments page as in 
this one.I agree. Brother Cook is right, we'll be tested beyond what we think we can 
handle but God will be with us through it all. He'll never give us more 
than we can cope with. As someone once said, "I just wish He didn't trust 
me so much!" This is a super message, I needed to hear it.I love to hear the hymns in a different language...reminds me of the common 
gospel we share across so many continents."If ye have love one to another..."This is a truly amazing video about Jesus Christ.A great message...needs to be shared with all the world, please pass itis 
message along.i love jesuschristYet another great video! Thank you so much! =DWatching this made my day brighter. I'm trying to be like Jesus.I love the messages of hope and peace that our Gospel brings to us. They 
speak so powerfully to the circumstances of our lives today.I'm so thankful to be LDS!Man, I wish they had let us hear them singing, without talking over it. 
Elder Cook's message was important, but, let me tell you, the Samoans can 
SING! They love to sing and they sing so well! Singing with them is almost 
like singing with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir!this goes to everybody that is sufferingWhat a wonderful message, one that we all must keep close to our hearts!True Christian.These messages give me such a wonderful feeling. Such a lift. Thanks for 
doing them for us.Awesome talk by Elder Cook!I love my Polynesian ppl!!! I want to have their faith! The blood of Israel 
flows thru their veins says Matthew Cowley & I agree!This was such a good talk! I loved it!I love this message and I know Christ lives!! and He loves us!!We glory in our Christ.I love this channel!