I love this! Like a phone call home, we can reach out to our Heavenly 
Father in prayer and He will answer, prodding us to be better and 
reassuring us that all will be well.﻿Another Mormon video masterpiece!﻿Beautiful. If everyone in the world would watch this video and realize that 
change that needs to be made in each of our lives, the world would be full 
of so much more love and happiness.﻿Ataahua (beautiful) whakaaro (thought) to put into action towards our 
fellow brethren and sister old or young. Arohanuitanga pono (great true 
love).﻿Nice work Austin and Wren! Such a good message - it's never too late to 
change and start doing things the right way!﻿Luv it﻿Great video.﻿please teach me lord to get out of my own way!  I am my own worst enemy if 
I don't take the time listen to the prompting's of thy spirit I will fail 
every time.﻿Excellent VIdeo. Message, as always, hits home. Way off topic - but would 
anyone know the brand of eyeglasses at 2:37 ish . I need new ones, and like 
that pair. Thank You all.﻿I needed this so much. I was feeling so lost and alone, and I was blaming 
my parents, especially my father for everything. He's given so much pain... 
it's so hard to forgive. I felt so alone, then I felt impressed to check 
the mormon channel, and I immediately clicked on this video... Heavenly 
Father really does answer prayers. I can't even describe how amazing this 
is to me.﻿A beautiful teaching﻿wow.﻿Loved it!﻿Wow, great video! Sometime all we need to do is look at the outside to see 
what is really on the inside﻿Captions please﻿all I can say is wow.﻿Thank you for this video, I also needed to hear this.﻿You look around and see everything around you, but looking at a reflection, 
you see everything with you.﻿See yourself through God's eyes.﻿a lot of times we deal things in life,makes try to be loving others.and 
forget yourself﻿I just reflected about reflecting. It was like a reflection inception. 
I love the idea of looking outside of ourselves. The Savior is a prime 
example of that. I hope to emulate him in all that I say and do, keeping in 
mind the most important things in life. Besides, there's so much more to us 
than what we see in the mirror.﻿Amazing.﻿I love these comments. Everyone needs to reflect on meaningful everyday 
actions that may or may not lead you to eternal progress.﻿Cut to the core right now. Ironically, and not to my credit, my first 
thought was how much other people needed to see this. Then the irony of 
that thought hit me. I really needed this.﻿by far one of my favorite Mormon Messages. Just when I thought they couldnt 
get any better!﻿This hits home more than I wish. I want to encourage my kids to look 
outside themselves, It's a hard thing to teach.﻿Beautifully done!﻿The one thumb down is a struggling soul.﻿This is a powerful message. Thank you for showing both sides of what could 
be.﻿What effect is that called, the transition between the actors lifetime; 
childhood, teenage hood and as an adult. The glides to difference scenes, 
what is it called?﻿Wow. I am very grateful for the video's and the quality and the practical 
applications of them. I pray the Lord continues to lead you in this way. I 
am aspiring the same﻿Loved it﻿:') Beautiful.. Really sometimes we need to just see outside ourself.﻿Please!!! I need subtitles to understand the video!!!﻿Please!!! I need subtitles to understand the video!!!﻿so powerful and true!﻿wow.... great video. thanks﻿Good reflections indeed. Time is the one "commodity" we all seem to have 
and "arbitrary" amount of that is always running out. We should spend it 
wisely.﻿That was different. Glad to see lots of talented people working with the 
church.﻿I really needed this right now.﻿A lesson for everyone.﻿Beautiful﻿Era bom se tiver versão em português﻿Thank you for your humble message. God Bless you. 😌﻿Wow.﻿Needed this today...﻿