One of the best talk ever heared finding the pillar of truth.﻿Ever since ive learned Jesus Christ only Accepted church here on earth and 
whom holds the key and priesthood to perform the doctrine and ordinances 
which are performed under the organization of his churst as Jesus Christ 
himself as the chief corner stone. This is the only church that binds us 
what really meant for a family to live together eternally as heirs not 
individually...from this standpoint i found my true purpose for my 
existence to bind our family here on earth as is heaven as family centered 
church..God reveals His revelation and instructions thru the prophet whom 
holds all the key and blessing or authorithy to perform his will here on 
earth...my immitation is for us to learn, read and grow ponder .﻿best talked i ever heard,,,,,,the holy ghost with him while he delivered 
the messages.....﻿Simply amazing!! So simple, plain, pure, and full of truth. ﻿Great talk. Easy to understand. The plain and precious things that were 
lost in the apostasy are here to be found. In The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints. I have been a member of the church for over 35 years. I 
know who I am. I am a daughter of God.  I know that Heavenly Father and 
Jesus Christ love me. And that by following their teachings and living a 
righteous life we can return to live with them in Heaven after this life. 
The church is true. The
Bible and the Book of Mormon are the words of God. And Christ lives.﻿can the prophet be black? asian? female? or is that generally frowned 
upon....it is really quite hard to accept that a church comprised of white, 
elderly, male leaders has the answers for salvation for the multitudes of 
people existing on a multicultural, ethnically diverse globe.﻿And so now it is your turn O house of Ephraim -acknowledge you have been 
chosen to do and teach this law of equity and justice and righteousness and 
purity of heart and return and keep this law for a thousand years until the 
season and the end cometh.﻿And they had all things common among them of their own freewill. And they 
did open the eyes of them which were blind and cause the deaf to hear and 
the crippled to walk and all manner of diseases and sickness did they heal 
until the 201st year had passed away and their began to be those who were 
lifted up in their hearts and they began to more no more all things in 
common and the gifts of healing did cease. So it was with the house of the 
decendants of Manassah. And Judah also in Isreal before.﻿Awesome Talk.. Love it.. <3
“If one were to match the blueprint of Christ's original Church against 
every church in the world today, he would find that point for 
point—organization for organization, teaching for teaching, ordinance for 
ordinance, fruit for fruit, and revelation for revelation, it will only 
match one: The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.” —Tad R. 
Callister of the Presidency of the Seventy﻿