thank you for this x﻿Please go find the speech or talk By Elder Jeffery R Holland on Mormon 
Channel. It speaks of this same thing you face. I felt prompted to share it 
with you. It was uploaded only a week ago.Thank you President. :) hope based on obedience to the 'gospel' mormon church@vera713 prayers headed your way.This message touched me... One of the biggest challenges I've faced is brain chemistry stuff , where 
you have to endure sorrow and worry (ie: "depression") just because your 
brain happens to be wired that way. It's been really hard sometimes. I 
totally agree with what was said in this video: "The love of the Son of God 
pierces all darkness, softens all sorrow, and gladdens every heart." Even 
on days when it feels especially dark, I still know in my mind that he's 
there. He always gets me through.Makes me wanna cry. I saw it live and now, the hope brightens my life and 
fills me with joy of an unspeakable amount. <3Dieter F. Uchtdorf is very gifted in beautiful words. I was inactive for 
years! he is my favourite speaker in conference now and his beautiful words 
helped me feel the spirit after so many spiritual wasted years.AmenI really, really needed to hear this at this very moment. Thank you.I clicked on this, idk why. But I'm glad I did. I really needed to hear 
this. "For the Love of the Son Of God pierces ALL darkness, softens all Sorrow, 
and GLADDENS EVERY HEART." That is the greatest message to hear in times of 
despair and since the Lord has helpend me through my past 6 years of hell 
which I created and now that I have given MY LIFE over to him Trusting that 
he will always take care of me for he knows what is best. I have finally 
felt JOY once again in my life and beacuse of his atonement I have been 
forgiven and now I taste JOY as I live the gospel fullyHope and faith are not the same. Hope is a word that you wish something 
would come true. Its like when you write a check, you hope the money is in 
there. Faith is knowing the money is there. I hope for the day of the 
rapture will be today, faith is knowing I will be in the clouds of that 
wonderful day. Faith is the only thing that will get you to heaven, not 
Hope. Don't preach on hope, because hope is the lack of faith. My hope is 
that all of you are saved. God bless you all.Great and truly inspire message. I have been reading a book by Gerald Lund 
" Look up My Soul, The Divine Promise Of Hope. It has really helped me to 
gain a better understanding of what Hope Is.Someone pray for me plz :'(I love the gospel of Jesus Christ, and I love Pres. Dieter Uchtdorf's 
message to us.Wow! Can we talk about how amazing the church has gotten lately!? SO DANG 
COOL! I love this video. :D @krimmola I'll pray for you.I am trying to have hope in this difficult moment of my life, but I just 
can't. One step at a time, i'll learn to have hope...it's so much important.Thank goodness for the power of hope.Lasting hope comes from following Jesus Christ.@hendyfam6 Go to iTunes and search Mormon Messages. You can find them as a 
podcast.Thank you for giving me an eternally true advice. As long as human beings 
still exist, hope powers.Uchtdorf uber allesThat's Nienie and her daughters Claire and Jane smiling in the very 
begining.... She was in a plane wreck which permanently damaged over 80% of 
her body with burns... She is an amazing woman, and I know this message 
heard her.This is soo true!! :) x xthank you for this great message i needed these wordsthank you for this message of hope. I hope and pray for those in Haiti and 
sending what I can.Dear Mike, I extend great sympathy to your friend. Tell her to talk to God 
as a close friend, to ask for miracles & strength to comfort her & help her 
carry the burdens that rest upon her.Tell her to surround herself w/ 
messages of hope.I don't remember what heaven is like.We all lived w/ God 
as spirit children before we were born & when we die we can return to live 
w/ Him again.I've seen glimpses of heaven in light, virtue, peace, hope, 
forgiveness, joy, being w/ loved ones, etc.@jmbrooks77 See my post above about the artist. I posted in the wrong 
place. Anyway, it is Simon Dewey.The artist is Simon Dewey. He is from England. This is one of my very 
favorite paintings of Christ.Great message! I hope there is a Chinese subtitle version, so I can share 
this to my family and friends.Love It.i definitely needed that. i just finished crying because everything is 
going so wrong in my life so i prayed for guidance then next thing i know i 
run across this video...Thanks for the inspiring message :)awesomePor favor necesitamos traducidos para compartir con amigos, gracias.this is great! Just what I needed!And I'd like watch videos in Portuguese. :) at leat, subtitle! :)This was an awesome message! I love the Church!!Does anyone know the name of the artist of the picture of Christ coming out 
of the tomb that was used in the video?Pls, translate it to spanish, we need it to learn and speak about the 
church to our friends and brothers. Thanks a lot in advance!! Javier. (I'm 
member in Chile, San Bernardo Stake.)porque no traducen mas los videos al español?? estan de vacaciones!! 
QUEREMOS VIDEOS EN ESPAÑOL!!It sure isAbsolutely Wonderful message! Pass it on to everyone you know.Yes it is.@MrOldSlacker Yes@MrOldSlacker : Yes!Yes, it is. :)@MrOldSlacker Sure is!that's why I'am happy to be a mormon,, cause being mormon is being happy.. 
!!! and we have hope.Amen! ^_^@gene23smith This is SO true! We are rewarded for our faithful searching 
and prayerful approaches for answers with which to guide our lives.Eternal life is not a dream!!I can really tell when I have hope in my life and when I need to turn to 
Christ more in order to restore my hope through Him. President Uchtdorf is 
an Apostle of Jesus Christ, and through him Christ inspires me with His 
message of hope.This is why Faith is so important. Not blind faith, but the kind that 
searches the scriptures and then asks Heavenly Father if it is true. If you 
sincerely ask, you will receive a witness of the Spirit which will give you 
the evidence you seek. Without faith, Christ's Atonement which by the way 
the resurrection is part of, would have no meaning since we didn't have to 
do anything to receive it. Anything worth having requires our best effort!Dear joshuadeeoyler you can download the videos with Real player SD"The ending of the book of our lives will exceed our grandest 
expectations." What awesome words. Even passing through some of the harder 
times in my live, I take take great joy in this message. Thank you!I have read and studied of this great man Jesus Christ. I have prayed to 
know truth, desired it with all my heart, whatever truth is. Through the 
great power of the Holy Ghost, truths are still revealed to me. The 
evidence of Christ rising from the dead, can be found in the records kept 
by many on this planet who saw Him after His death and felt His wounds. 
More importantly though, through prayer and the Holy Ghost we may KNOW the 
truth of all things. That is how I know He lives today.It is the presence of all elements of human intelligence that makes it 
possible for me to believe in Christ. I know He is not only through the 
evidence of the physical existence of the world and all that is in it, but 
also through what His word creates in my mind and heart. His gospel is the 
ultimate logic. Emotion isn't strong enough to account for what creates my 
belief in Christ.actually, all things testify of Christ. And so do I ~ He rose from death, 
and so will you and I. I will stand beside you in front of God at that day. 
He did walk on water. he did cause a blind man to see. He is really kind 
and powerful.I love these videos and the beauty of their composition, the way the images 
work with the words of our leadersAgradeceria publicar en español !!!!! Gracias.I agree. I had a feeling that he would be called as one of the counselors, 
and I'm glad we have such faithful men leading our church today!ldsmom777; I am blessed every time I hear/ or read anything that Pres. 
Uchtdorf says or writes. He is an 'inspired Man of God, and gives us HOPE 
thru his words.amen.I hope this help you all see the love in the world...Nice Musici like the piano in the background going dum-dum-dumdumdumWhat a beautiful message! Thank you, President Uchtdorf! And to those who 
created this video, thank you! It was visually beautiful and satisfying! I 
hope...So beautiful and well done! It was a boost to my day!Thank you vary much, this Video has helped me vary much. Thank you! I'm 
Proud to be a Latter-Day Saintcant wait for general conf.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!hope: what gets me out of bed in the morning and reminds me to breathe in 
and out.I love to hear servants of the lord speak! I can feel the love of the 
Savior and Heavenly Father through their appointed servants.i saw you nie nie ^^ loved it!! hope is the last thing we have :Dbeautiful message, beautiful music, beautiful people.No words. Simply true. And simply amazing.Yes, we don't have much if we don't have hope :)Beautiful music. Who is the composer?This was such a beautiful message =]Fantastic Video and message!! THANK YOU. It's made my day.Dieter F. Uchtdorf is a great apostle, he's one of my favorites and I love 
watching and listening to him speak.I'm happy!!!yes, hope is power.I was waiting to see this on YouTube, my sunday school teacher works for 
this channel and showed our youth class the beginning/what he had so far. 
We were supposed to be in it because they want more youth viewers, but my 
friends and I forgot some of our permission slips, maybe the next one... 
But this was an amazing message, I think I'll tell my Seminary Teacher 
about it! :]]