Thank yall so much
for your service. Everyone's rights and freedoms, good or bad, are at the 
cost of heroe's courage with sacrifices likes yalls. Sincerely a grateful 
and true American from California. ✊🇺🇸﻿Very nice.﻿Everyone should pause on July 4th and listen to this. I bear my witness the 
Christ is the Answer to ALL our problems. All.﻿This is such an amazing video!  The strength in their faith is inspiring.  
The loneliness issues is a big one.

This gives me a lot of hope I will get through what I need to get through.  
Thank you.﻿As someone struggling with PTSD, this helped me! Thank you.﻿I noticed how one brother said "Each day I wake up I can give these 
memories to Christ".  Starting each day over again is a principle of living 
life with deep emotional and spiritual injury.  It isn't about everything 
being fixed in one emotional moment with the Holy Ghost.  The pain must be 
dealt with daily and given to Christ daily.﻿I am thankful The Mormon Channel did the story of my sons Chris & Mitch 
Taylor. 

This is a family disease and everyone suffers because of the behavior of 
the addicts. Denial and enabling them is not the answer! It is not our 
responsibility to save them. 

Unfortunately the loved ones are not able to tell of the nightmare they 
lived daily. I am very thankful for my husband Tim and Richie our oldest 
son who was there to help his brothers in dangerous situation's! 

I have watched the video several times. So many prayers from family & 
friends we're answered. Definitely not in the way I could have ever 
imagined. We lost so many years of life because of addiction and what war 
does to someone . 

Referring to what Mitch said. I had to do something different. For years my 
life was so overwhelming. I was doing everything to try and help them, when 
I should have helped myself. Believe me it wasn't easy and did not happen 
over night. 
I was able to give my burden's to my Savior and trust him with faith, 
patience, and hope to never give up on my son's. Or our family. I started 
going to a LDS Family Support Group. I currently am serving as a 
facilitator for families who have loved ones suffering from addiction. 🙏👼 
﻿A big thank you to all of you who serve our country to protect my family, 
myself, and our countries future.
It is amazing to see how the power of God can work in peoples lives to rid 
them of their burdens, pains, and anguish.  This is such a moving 
experience that strengthens my faith in the Lord.  Thank you to these 
brothers for sharing their experience to the world﻿Wow, what a great story of recovery!﻿Through our Savior's mercy and grace
He makes ALL of the difference
The bad in us, He can erase
On the path of deliverance
Inspiring!  Thanks for sharing!
We recently had missionary companions in our ward that were both healing 
from military service and the ugliness of it.﻿Don't wait tell you get that loww he is here and now for the asking.﻿Very touching. This brings hope to all who suffer in many ways. Thank you 
for sharing your testimony.﻿Thank you Mormon Channel for this video! I am in tears as I write this 
post. The Taylor brothers showed me that no matter how low in life you can 
get, there is always another way to change your life. I respect them for 
their courage!!!﻿PTSD will truly be the issue of our generation with more and more vets 
coming forward. I applaud you, my brothers, for your courage to tell your 
story. You will open doors for other ailing vets to come to terms and grips 
with their situation. I wish you the best of luck!

CPT Park
11A
Fort Benning, GA﻿Awesome stuff!  Kudos to these two guys for making themselves vulnerable, 
by releasing this personal information for the welfare of others.  I'm 
really enjoying what the Church is doing through these videos. :)﻿Welcome Home Brothers
Logan, 68W (ret), OIF﻿