me gusto mucho esta melodia .como se puede interpretar cada uno de los 
instrumentos﻿Me llena de un espíritu dulce ver y escuchar música celestial... !Gracias 
por deleitarnos "The Piano Guys"!﻿i love the Piano Guys﻿realmente hermoso!!!﻿dios bendiga ~+~ cristo﻿Awesome.﻿Great Vid. Keep em' coming

Tiff Jimber
Indie Musician and ewok lover﻿Meu Deus...muito lindo 
É de se emocionar...
Parabéns﻿Piano Guys are really talented.﻿очень красиво, большое спасибо﻿Was this footage from a show or was it made for this music video?﻿Слушвю, затаив дыхание!!!﻿Очаповательно красиво)) Спасибо)))﻿O come, O come, Emmanuel
And ransom captive Israel
That mourns in lonely exile here
Until the Son of God appear
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel.﻿Наш Господь і Спаситель Ісус Христос, було запрошення на фортепіано, 
хлопці; робити те, що вони зробили, з їх дивовижними талантами. Вони просто 
не могли зробити що-небудь краще, і обстановка була абсолютно досконалою, 
занадто. Вони дійсно вчать нас, не вони, приблизно, що знайшли час, щоб 
поліпшити наше життя, кожен, як ми, можливо, може: в тому числі 
використовуючи та вдосконалюючи свої таланти, перш ніж Бог забирає їх від 
нас﻿Truly inspiring﻿So inspired- Had to dance to it<3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8IAfr2acAQ&list=UULSQRX4bmPl93bzDLfA6Fwg﻿i really felt the spirit when i watched this :)﻿Does someone know wich movie this is?﻿I am an atheist and didint know or care about religious songs but I think I 
fall in love with this magnificent music... Love it...﻿I love you Guys!﻿beauitful﻿Beautiful, reminds me of this beautiful version 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ersfsUldkM﻿Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me a sinner.﻿hi﻿Vibrants musiciens!﻿I'm crying right now...tears of joy﻿Happy birthday Jesus...﻿I LOVE THIS!!! I am a new convert to the LDS church! I know that I have a 
Heavenly Father that loves me and I know that Jesus Christ atoned for us! I 
say these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen! ﻿Simplesmente EXTRAORDINÁRIO! Amazing!﻿#perfect﻿" WOW "
Very Lovely & Moving !
Merry Christmas 2014  :-) Michael﻿I am cryng out to you Lord, help me!! <3﻿Just so beautiful.  Thank you.﻿Our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, had to prompt The Piano Guys; to do what 
they did, with their awesome talents.  They could not have done any better; 
and the setting was absolutely perfect, too.  They really teach us, don't 
they, about taking the time to improve our lives, every way we possibly 
can:  including using and perfecting our talents, before God takes them 
from us.﻿من ذا جيسوس كرست ؟؟؟﻿Love the Piano Guys ﻿СЛАВА УКРАИНЕ!!!!!!!!!﻿A beautiful way to invite people to consider the life of Jesus Christ, the 
Son of God.﻿Amazing artists!﻿waooo.... excelente... hermosa sensación que da nos da Esperanza y Fe 
.................. gracias amigos de thePianoGuys..﻿These guys have the magic touch!! Love them ....﻿Isaiah 9:6, "For to us a child is born, to us a son is given; and the 
government shall be upon his shoulder, and his name shall be called 
Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace."

Christ is my savior and I will forever serve Him. I cannot wait to be 
reunited with Him again!﻿So beautiful!﻿What does Christmas, or Christ's mass, mean to me? It's about love. And 
Hope. And getting beyond ourselves to see the beauty in others, as much as 
it's hard sometimes. But Christ's resurrection means that maybe if we do 
that we'll be worthy to see him one day..it's God's hope..and His never 
ending Love..﻿Ohhh I love this song so much is one of my favorites and I also love the 
wonderful message of our savior. ﻿The First Christmas!﻿Amazing to think what one humble man could to do save the world. God's gift 
to us was to send his son as a baby, to live among us and show us the way 
to return to him. Christ's gift to us was to pay the price for our sins and 
stand between us and the demands of justice. By his suffering, we can be 
healed.﻿AAAAH!! SO BEAUTIFULLY PRFOMED INDEED!!
THANKS FOR THE POSTING.﻿beeautiful woooww THERE IS ONLY ONE GOD AND HIS NAME IS JESUS 
CHRIST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿Amazing! Thank you!﻿What a beautiful version. Love not only the musical talent, but the 
background setting and the video. Superb!﻿The Lord means every thing to me after my life nearly lost as a 8 & 1\12 
year old child from brain damage and having to regain all things a new born 
baby learns, and I was 10. And now I'm 43 and I sing praises ever were I am 
and I have an 11 year old Daughter when doctors always said you never will. 
Well it was my won wish from  the Lord God to have one child in my life 
well here she is today. Thank You Lord Jesus Christ. I'm Katrina Phillips﻿Emmanuel !!! Emmanuel !!!  GOD with us! ﻿Don't have to be religious to be amazed at the latents of Jon and Steve. 
Beautifully done. ﻿Beautiful!!!   ﻿