I'm Mormon and I have a good mom and a good family and I'm exicted for that 
and grateful!!﻿<3﻿I have six children, four of which are 4 and younger. I can't take them all 
hiking or biking, and I have little time to do the things I used to love. 
But I'd rather have people to love than things, and someday we will share 
the activities I love.﻿My husband and I decided that even though we'd recently gotten married and 
I had a semester of classes left to do that we would begin our family 
sooner rather than later. While many people have wondered about the 
logistics of my being a couple states away from my husband to finish my 
schooling (while pregnant!), we both know that it is what the Lord wishes 
from us. While it is a challenge, the Lord has blessed us both with 
patience and strength. I'm looking forward to meeting our little one.I was never able to have biological children, but my stepson, now 12 is the 
child of my heart. He makes my family complete. He is such a noble, 
compassionate and loving spirit. I can't imagine life or eternity without 
him.Love my children! They give my the craziest moments and times, and the 
happiest and most fulfilling, too! I know what the word "rejoicing" means 
thanks to being a mother@Maggegene God is the creator and finisher. There is no such thing as you 
can't have kids naturally It's in his will that we be Fruitful. God say's 
whatsoever you shal ask you should have. You believe in God and know that 
doctors can say NO but God still has the last word. Be encouraged and keep 
your Faith .. Our children have brought us even closer together and given us more love 
and joy every day than we could have imagined!! Love this talk..daughter tried for a long time to have a baby. Heavenly Father gave her a 
son, named Zion. We had him 3 months and 11 days and God called this 
healthy pure spirit home. We miss Zion and she is now trying to bring his 
brothers and sisters down from Our Father. Please pray for our little 
family. The family of Zion Gabriel Velasquez. That his family might have 
such joy again. We do not question why. We know that Heavenly Father knows 
what is best for us all. We just hurt because we miss him. Amazing! :) This talk inspired us to have our first baby, even though I was struggling 
with clinical depression. I am amazed at how much joy my little one brings 
me. And I'm amazed at how the Lord gives me the strength to be a good mom. 
Because of depression, I'm not the "perfect" mom that I imagined I would be 
- but I AM the mom that my child needs, the mom that God wants me to be. I love this video so much! We really have been given time to do God's will 
and work. We must make His work, our work. This is what brings true 
happiness!!!There is nothing more fulfilling in my life than being a mother, despite 
its inherent challenges. The love I have for my children is unlike any 
other love I have felt in my life. It brings me so much joy. And he loves you just the way you are. When the times comes and I know that 
it may seem like it is taking for ever to get there... With faith and 
support you will be just fine... :-) Don't be to hard on yourself. Sounds like you care deeply about doing what 
is right. Going on a mission does not make you more or less worthy to be a 
mommy. Take things one step at a time. NO ONE does things right all the 
time. We all make mistakes. My mother in law is bipolar, and I understand 
how difficult that makes things, but with time, and finding the right 
person, who loves you for who you are, the good and bad, will make all the 
difference. Just don't forget the LORD LOVES YOU and...Hey, i would like to send a video for its approvement, is a video we 
made,its abaoutthe book of mormon Being a mother is who I am. Am I the same as all other mothers? No! Do I 
somehow lose my personal identity because I AM a mother? NO! Each mother is 
different. I do what I do because I am a mother. My life is richer and more 
blessed because of the 3 people who call me mother!!My wife and I did not meet until I was 28, and we married shortly after I 
had turned 29. I was so grateful when I became a father about one year 
later! Having my son (now nearly 1 year old) and watching him grow and 
learn brings much joy into my life.Ganella, I hope you will find hope and peace as you continue to pray, read 
scriptures, and strive to live the gospel. I have come to learn that the 
only thing we can do to ruin God's plan is to reject the atonement and stop 
trying. I testify that the feelings of guilt will ease with time as you 
learn more about God's love for you. Bipolar disorder does make it hard, 
but you can find happiness and the Lord loves you.You guys really are blessed!I believe in Children. We have four and one on the way. In another part of 
this talk, Neill L. Andersen tells the story of a woman who boarded a bus 
with several children. The driver said, "Lady, are all these your children, 
or is this a picnic?" She responds, "Sir, these are all my children. And 
it's not a picnic." It's a lot of work, but the rewards are great.Well there are many children waiting for a dad and a mom who probably have 
not the chance to have her babies in her tummy but still can have them in 
her heart!!! adoption is a a way of get the blessing of parenthood!Well there are many children waiting for a dad and a mom who can probably 
not have her babies in her tummy but still can have them in their heart!!! 
adoption is a a way of get the blessing of parenthood!Ganella, life will work out. Being pregnant is a scary thing for a lot of 
women and you are only 17 so you don't need to worry about it today! Focus 
on the things that are in your control today and keep moving forward with 
faith. Your Heavenly Father loves you very much.Thanks for sharing that talk. We loved it! Good luck with your struggles.I think there is no greater joy than that of being a mother. My husband and 
I have been blessed with 11 wonderful children. Our 5th was born shortly 
after my husband graduated from medical school. We had 8 by the time he 
finished residency. They have always been a great souce of joy to us. They 
brought laughter and happiness into our lives that made the journey so 
enjoyable. John and I look around and count our blessings and stand all 
amazed. These precious children have made our home a heaven!I love kids..I want TWIN! :)My wife and I have 10 wonderful children. She and them are my hobby.It wasn't until our eighth and final child was born I realized the purpose 
of my life. Yes I was stubborn. He was born with Down syndrome and with 
that came a great blessing. He'll need open heart surgery soon and his 
challenges make mine seem so minor. I don't know the meaning of all things 
nevertheless I know that the Lord loveth his children. And so should I.10 months after my husband and I were married, we had our first child. He 
is now 15 months old and he is the best thing that has happened to our 
marriage. Our son lights up our world and brings our family closer together.Were expecting our third, it is a great blessing. Faith is the much needed 
when raising children. I'm pray that I will be a good father, and that my 
children will make good choices, and through God it is possible.My daughter is now six months old. I have always wanted many children, and 
having my daughter has only reinforced that desire. Children are so 
precious. My first priority is my family. To know that they are taken care 
of and feel safe and secure is what gives me great joy. The Lord has 
blessed me with children. I know that as I teach them to follow Christ, the 
children I have been blessed with will go forth and bless the earth.I love my 2 little ones!My wife and I are expecting our first child. I have looked forward to this 
day my whole life. I love little children. They are pure and clean. 
Children give parents an opportunity to become more like Christ, more like 
our Heavenly Father. I love my wife and I love our child-in-womb, Nikki. I 
bear testimony that family is the social unit wherein the greatest 
happiness can be found. I know that Jesus Christ is the source of our faith 
to keep God's commandments. We are one big Heavenly family.You are trying your hardest. A mission is a duty for all worthy and able 
men. It is not required of you. If you are doing your best then you are 
worthy. If you have a medical limitation, which is God-given, you have no 
need to feel at fault. Satan wants you to think you're to blame. You're not 
accountable for the conditions you were given when you came into this life, 
but you are responsible for what you do with your circumstances. Ask God 
what HE thinks about you. I promise, you will feel LOVE.Satan hopes all woman will see pregnancy as a scary thing. He wishes to 
destroy God's Plan of Salvation. You have not ruined Heavenly Father's 
plan. Ether 12:27 tells us: "I give unto men weakness" and that includes 
women. Your and my weaknesses are God-given. Now we have to wonder why He 
gives them to us... "I give unto [women and] men weakness that they may be 
humble." He wants us to be humble and then promises us: " my grace is 
sufficient for all men that humble themselves before me."If anyone needs a cool blog to read on Mormon values -> 
"Thummim.blogspot.com"Oh Ganella, You can't ruin Heavenly Father's Plan. It works even though we 
make mistakes. Remember Isaiah 1:18. Because of Christ's Atonement 
everything can be made right again. Your mission is your entire life. God 
loves you and your child, you are so loved. I knew a man in my home ward 
that lost the chance to go on a mission and got married to take care of his 
pregnant girlfriend. All of his 5 sons served missions, and later so did he 
with his wife. I never saw a happier man.I am so grateful for my little boy and for the chance to be in a family 
with my two step-sons. I waited for many years to have this and was not 
married until I was 36. I am so glad my husband of 50 was willing to start 
all over after losing his first wife to cancer. I marveled and asked why he 
was willing to child at 50 he said, “What else is life for.” So true! Our 
children are everything good in our lives.You will feel much more confident in your abilities as time comes. With 
experience, come knowledge and understanding and along with those is 
confidence. You must not confuse that the primary goal is not to just 
procreate, it is to marry, in the temple, creating a forever family. Then, 
having the support of a worthy spouse, you will be able to accomplish more 
than you ever thought imaginable. Keep yourself worthy and faithful and 
you'll be surprised at the blessings that come your way! I have 3 children, with the oldest being 3 1/2 yrs old, 2 yrs old and then 
9 months old. My husband and I are currently praying on when to have number 
4. I love being a mother, my children bring me joy and happiness everyday. 
"It's not something you do if you can squeeze the time in, it's what God 
gave you time for." What a blessing that I am able to provide mortal bodies 
for these sweet spirits.Y pensar que los mayores fuimos pequeñitos, My Question is: que hubiera 
pasado si nuestros padres no hubieran querido tenernos a nosotros, 
simplemente los grandes no existieramos.Mindy, I have had strong faith that woman such as you are the ones who go 
to heaven to take care of our angel babies. I have been blessed with 2 
beautiful children...but have lost 3 as well. You have a special place in 
heaven...you too are blessed.When my first child was born, I discovered a part of me that I never 
realized was missing. Absolutely life changing. My family is my greatest 
treasure. I love how it says the number of children and when to have them and HOW to 
have them is between the husband and wife. Made me think of adoption and 
how wonderful that is.Wow. We are about to have our 3rd child (wife is 37 weeks pregnant) our 
oldest Noah is 3 and our daughter is 22 months, so life is busy. We have 
been married for 8 years and we always wanted to have many children but we 
couldnt, we did treatment, prayed, fast and took us 5 years to have our 
first. During that time we moved from Brazil to the United States and 
having our kids here and raising them far from our country, our parents, 
our culture has been challenging but that never stopped us.The Korean baby is the cutest!Twenty years married & 9 were experts saying no to children. We went 
through test after test, surgery, and much fasting/prayer. Many times we 
would go to the temple thinking what it would be like to have a family. We 
adopted our first two, a brother & sister. Soon after we found a great 
doctor who helped us have the next two by procedure & quickly afterward two 
more, with the last one, a girl due in May. There are miracles...thank God 
for his tender mercies and the prayers of others. Same for my Husband and I, Shalyn! Isn't it funny how Heavenly Father sends 
us exactly what he knows we need to hear? :)I'm a 20-year-old wife and mother attending college and working. Life is 
busy and sometimes stressful, but I am so grateful to have that sweet baby 
in my life. My husband and I find a lot of joy in parenthood even though it 
is a lot of work. It's work, but it's worth it.When I had my fourth child, my oldest was still four. We live in an area 
where having more than 1 or 2 children is an anomaly.The looks, the 
comments - sometimes from our own church membership and our own families - 
was often very isolating. How grateful I am for those tender moments of 
tear-drenched prayers to my Heavenly Father and the strength He gave me to 
mother and love and defend those beautiful children who are now among my 
best friends! Heavenly Father's plan is real; the joy is real! We love our children. What a blessing they are to have.Thanks for sharing the talk; my husband and I just read it together and the 
message was incredible timely! She had a great perspective and great 
insights. Thanks again! Parenthood changes who you are in a lot of ways. But they are good ways. It 
makes you lose the fake stuff and be real. It's real hard. It's real joy, 
too. Above and beyond everything I've known before.Loved that quote from that Christian blogger: "[children are] not something 
to do if you can squeeze the time in. It is what God gave you time for." As 
a mom of seven, I cannot imagine what my life would be like if I never had 
them -- a lot emptier, I am sure.me too Erin.!!! I am a mom to 4 kids under the age of 4. I get stressed. 
but I glory in their presence.... and thank my Father in Heaven that he 
sent me these beautiful souls to shape into beautiful adults. ! Eight children later, the youngest 29 and serving our third mission 
together the focus of family is our north star. Most of every good thing we 
have learned and are learning has come from family life. Our present family 
are the YSA of Brooklyn Stake, many who are the only members of the Church 
in their families. We learn eternal principles with them as we study 
Heavenly Fathers great plan of happiness. Each hour, day, week and month 
the way is opened to accomplish the work we are here to do.I read an article called "The Two Trees" on the "Mormon Scholars Testify" 
website. Then found an article on her online journal called "The Sacrament 
of Birth." They have been a key part of that divine tutoring we experience 
from the Spirit. That tutoring has led my husband and I to give the Lord a 
larger part in that process of choosing how many children to have. Before I 
hoped I was "done." Now I hope for the gift and opportunity to open the 
door of life to more of God's children.How excited that little boy got after a kiss from his mother :) Priceless 
lol :)As the Bible says happy is the one who has a quiver full of kids.I loved this. I'm a mom of 4 kids under the age of 5. It's a pleasure 
having these young spirits in my life, but the hardest thing I've ever 
done. However, I still wouldn't trade it for the world. You can have that blessing trough adoption! I promise you your joy will be 
so big as ours! How timely to see this video today -- my wife and I found out today that 
our fourth child is right now baking in the oven ;) We already have three 
beautiful babies -- handfuls to say the least. I love them so much. Having 
kids is so worth it. We're definitely in the same boat as those who are 
tempted to think, "How can we do this right now with all that's going on?" 
But we will move forward in faith, trusting that as God has seen us through 
thus far, He'll keep us sustained as the days roll on.I am grateful for our daughter, after three years of praying and trying for 
her. A month after our sixth wedding anniversary, she entered our family. 
The doctors told us we would always have difficulty conceiving, even after 
her birth. She'll turn a year in April. One month later, her little brother 
will be born ;) Was it unexpected? YES! Are we grateful for our two little 
miracles? Oh YES!!!You will never have enough money for kids, but me & my wife are blessed. 
Ever since we have had our 2 girls money has never been short. When we obey 
heavenly fathers plan he provides a way for you to fulfill what be asks of 
you. I love my little growing family & I wouldn't be happy without them.I like the Husband, Wife, and the Lord part a lot. When my husband and I 
decided to have children, this was key. We prayed to our Father in Heaven 
to help us decide when to start, which for us was just a few months after 
we were married. I am so glad that we took the Lord's will into 
consideration, or we wouldn't have our cute girl right now! And I know we 
have been blessed for it. Advice to married couples: just know that you are 
able to bear children, which brings a responsibility to pray.My wife and I got married August of last year and now we will have a son in 
July! We are both in college and I have 2 years left till I graduate. We 
know that deciding to have children really is a decision between my wife, 
me, and the Lord. We made that decision with him and we have been very 
blessed in our marriage. We are so excited to be parents and to meet our 
son in July! We know it might be difficult but we also know that Heavenly 
father will help us! Families can be together forever!I love being a mom. My heart breaks for those who have to go forward in 
faith for years without this blessing. But I have watched my own sweet 
sister with this trial moving forward with faith, ever a shining example, 
and after 9 years of that trial, she has been blessed with her own sweet 
miracle-my new nephew Logan. I know that the Lord loves us and that family 
is the reason we are here! It takes faith to go without and it takes faith 
to have the wonderful blessing of children in our lives.I am glad that I had my five children with my husband. My children mean a 
lot to me, they are my happiness and my grandchildren are a special joy. 
They are all my jewels more precious than the whole Earth.If the videos are produced by the Church LDS, who translated them into 
spanish? because controlers inside the videos make a very deficient 
translate. Sorry by my english redaction. May I write in spanish in 
posterior ocasions? Thanks.Thanks for sharing! Its not an easy path to tread. I was having a 
particularly hard time coping with my infertility this fall and I was so 
disappointed with the articles available on the church website on the 
topic... until I stumbled across this incredible talk by Sister Ardeth G. 
Kapp called "just the two of us---for now." Finding this article marked a 
turning point for me! My heart goes out to all the couples who second the 
comment above.My first grand-child arrived this year. What a blessing. I love all my 
family.This is a message that has changed my life.Beautiful video and message. Children are such a grab blessing!Six years after our fifth beautiful blessing was born, I have just 
discovered Heavenly Father is blessing us again. I thought we had moved on 
from babyhood but now I'm excited to meet another precious spirit. Thank 
you dear Lord. May Yours be the glory when desperately wanted children are 
witheld and may Yours be the glory when they are sent forth.We got pregnant the first month of our marriage with twin boys. Four years 
later we had a baby daughter. Six month later I had cancer surgery which 
made additional children a seeming impossibility. There was never a feeling 
that anyone was missing or that we needed to adopt. We are both now 44 and 
will be empty nesters this summer. Looking forward to excellent young 
grand-parenting when the time is right. :)Children are like on loan to us from our HF. We are given them to raise 
them and then we must let them and teach them to find their way back to 
him. The cool part is we get to be sealed to them and live w/ them forever.Thank you, Thank you!! Elder Andersen.I bear witness that there is no god but Allah. I bear witness that David, 
Solomon, abraham, Moses, Jesus(peace be upon them all) are Allah's(god) 
messengers and muhammad(peace be upon him) is the last and final messenger. 
Jesus will return @ the command of Allah with his hands resting of the 
wings of two angels.. I love jesus. And I love my creator Allah! All praise 
be to Allah! Abraham submitted to 1 God and from the bloodline of 
abraham(pbuh) came muhammad(pbuh) jesus is the true Messiah! 1GOD"Lo, children are an heritage of the Lord: and the fruit of the womb......" 
"As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man; so are children...." "Happy is 
the man that hath his quiver full of them......" Psalms 127:3-5 We chose 
not to wait till our education was completed to start our family--but 
rather put our trust in the Lord. We were blest with a crowning jewel for 
each of the 8 years we were in our pursuit of our education. Today we enjoy 
our quiver full of 8 children and our 36 grandchildren.My wife and I thought we would wait until I had graduated from college 
before starting to have children to make sure we were prepared in all ways 
to do so, but both my wife and I came across wonderful work opportunities 
that enabled us to have our first child before I finished my senior year. 
Now we can't even imagine what waiting would have been like. My heart goes 
out to those who cannot have children but want to. In that trial of your 
life, the Lord can strengthen you and bless you.I love this. My wife and I had our first child, after much discussion and debating, less 
than a year after we were married. Was it hard? Oh, yes. Is it worth it? 
The joy we experience daily far outweighs any difficulties we face. We love 
the Lord, and He helps us to love and raise our daughter, Ella. Having 
children is the best decision we have made since being married.The index that measures the rate of deaths and births for most countries 
shows that not enough children are being born at the present moment to 
actually sustain the population. The population will continue to rise for 
the next 30 or 40 years, but the population will go down hill after that. 
Which sucks for the older people and the economy because there won't be 
enough younger people able people to take care of it all.I've wanted to be a mom ever since I can remember. Not being able to have 
children has been the hardest trial of my life. I know a lot of mothers 
with young children and how frustrating it can sometimes be, but NEVER 
forget how blessed you are to have children in your home. Some of us would 
give anything to have that blessing!'More are the children of the unmarried wife, saith the Lord' (Isaiah) 'The 
earth is full and to spare...' D&C (Jesus) Great video!! Fear is the 
opposite of faith. Guess that's why it's between Husband, wife, and the 
Lord, yes?@Dana Robinson hah that's funny..."excessive amount of carbon" lol that's a 
good oneI remember my 10 years as the second half of a "barren couple", and hearing 
many talks and watching many such movies about building families. It never 
offended me, because I knew it was always a message intended for those who 
could have children but chose not to. Not falling in that category, I knew 
I wasn't the target of the encouragement.Our "rampage on the earth's capacity" is magnified many-fold by the ways in 
which many children are brought up. If the world's population suddenly 
halved, would the world suddenly become a better place? Would there not 
still be greedy people who abuse its resources? Wouldn't there still be the 
masses who live in denial that their daily actions are poisoning the earth? 
What we need is not less children, it's less selfish parents.I love having children...grandchildren...great-grandchildren...children 
from my classroom of life...no matter if they are mine of my flesh, or of 
the flesh of another...I LOVE HAVING CHILDREN! They are of the Lord, for we 
are His children and He made everyone of us. This is a great clip!!!You should read the entire talk at lds.org. It's called "Children" by Elder 
Neil L. Anderson. There is a great section on couples that have struggled 
to have children that has been a great comfort to me during our fertility 
struggles. They uploaded this video the same day as the gays are getting closer to 
equality in marriage. The video is great, but gay couples can also have the 
same happiness with children as shown in the video.Yes, I can receive wordly accolades but nothing brings me more joy than to 
come home to my beautiful, sweet son and his hugs and kisses. i am so glad 
we adopted and thank his birth mother every day that she did not choose 
abortion.I can only imagine this is a slap in the face to many barren couples.Children are my biggest blessing..... and of course my darling 
grandchildren!!!! :)Do these people not read about things like fisheries depletion or the 
excessive amount of carbon we emit? We actually do need for there to be 
fewer people on this planet if we don't want to continue our rampage on the 
earth's carrying capacity.I am continually amazed at the love my wife shows our children. Frankly, I 
am not sure most men, including the one writing this, have an idea how this 
love of a mother for her child blesses the man's life, not to mention the 
children and the mother. What a privilege it has been over the decades to 
watch this love work in this marvelous way in our family. What a warm life 
we now live, despite "missing out" on much of the more exciting things to 
do around the globe.So beautiful! I ma so thankful for my children, and for the blessing that I 
have to be a Mother! :) Thank you!Having children: "It's not something you do if you can squeeze the time in, 
it's what God gave you time for." Love that quote. 