having had my own personal experiences with the adversary trying to destroy 
me I take great comfort in knowing that God is more powerful than Satan.﻿"...and when the second and the third and the forth blows come, fear ye 
not, the Lord shall fight for you." 
Oh how I needed to hear this.﻿Lord God, give this grace to your servants today, that we may receive such 
grace to identify our worship in all moments in the name of Jesus﻿This is so sad﻿Moses was totally obedient and good.﻿This is excellent. Glad I found it.﻿super cool effects of this video.  Neat to see visually the difference of 
seeing God and Satan.﻿great video :D shows the glory of God and we are His children﻿God Bless All †﻿Im crying Horribly, That was beautiful.
thank god.﻿Pearl of Great Price includes Book of Abraham and Book of Moses
I am a convert of 43 years to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints. The Pearl of Great Price from which this account comes from is true 
scripture delivered to Joseph Smith Jr, a prophet raised up in these last 
days who restored the ancient church of Christ through Christ himself.﻿Powerful. And Elder Holland always with just the right, righteous words of 
the Spirit. Exemplary of how we will always live within the temptations of 
this mortal life at the hands of earth's ruler, Satan. But it is ultimately 
the Power of God and the following of His commandments that enables Power 
Extreme to overcome Satan and all his minions. God bless!  ﻿Revelation chapter 11 speaks of the final two prophets before the Second 
Coming, perhaps what John the Apostle was warning about were people who 
would take his revelation out of context to attempt to close the door of 
revelation that God intended his followers to receive through prophets, 
apostles and personal revelation. BTW it is Joseph Smith not John SmithThe Lord has revealed it through a prophet in our day.Firstly, the word 'Bible' comes from Greek meaning "the books". Thus is is 
a collection of many books. John, in Revelation 22:18 was condemning adding 
or taking away from "the book of this prophecy", meaning the book he was 
writing at the time. John didn't write the entire Bible, nor did he compile 
the many books contained within it. He wrote the book of John after he 
wrote the book of Revelation according to non-LDS scholars. He could not 
have been referring to the Bible, as it did not exist.They were Jews actually.It is kind of cheesy, but I like the message.If the word of God is finished than I am finished with the word of God. 
Fortunately I am not finished with God and he is not finished with me.moses and jesus was arabsJose, the verse in the book of Revelation of which you speak is being taken 
out of context by your comment. Rev. 22, where it says not to add to nor 
take away from is speaking specifically about the revelations being given 
in that book. Also, the book of Genesis was written AFTER the book of 
Revelations. So if NOTHING could be added or taken from all scripture, we'd 
be missing most of the Bible. It's Joseph Smith, Not John. It's not in the bible or the book of mormon, 
but another book of scripture called the Pearl of Great Price. The 
scripture in Revelation has almost the exact same wording in Deut 4:2, 
isn't in chronological order, and is not referencing the bible which is a 
collection of books that we now think as one book. I would recommend 
greater study, before completely dismissing a faith. At the very least to 
get your information correct.ME TOO...IM SORRY BUT THAT IS NOT THE WORD OF GOD. THIS IS THE WORD OF JOHN SMITH 
AND HIS FOLLOWERS.THIS ACCOUNT IS DEFINITELY NOT IN THE BIBLE. IT MIGHT BE IN THE BOOK OF 
MORMON BUT IT IS NOT IN THE BIBLE. I DO NOT QUESTION THE MORMON'S INTENTION 
BUT the last book in the Bible Revelation (Apoclypse) 22:18 condemns what 
John Smith did, which is to add to the Bible with the book of Mormon. The 
WORD OF GOD HAS BEEN FINISHED it says so in this verse of Revelation. @Catherine, visit scriptures.lds.org. Select Pearl of Great Price, then the 
book of MosesI don't see this in the bible??? Nor do I recall such stories....Nor is it 
written in the torah,,,, there for how is this so?I truly enjoy all the videos that you have loaded. Very educational and 
very interesting. I am so thirsty and hungry for the word of God! THANK YOU![19.35] It is not for Allah to take a son! Exaltations to Him! When He 
decrees a thing He only says: 'Be,' and it is. I love Moses :PThink of it like the Tardis is nearby. It is translated into whatever 
language someone understands.I am very delighted with all the movies that reminds me the learned 
suffering histories of the early church leaders. Elder McAdamson W. NkhomaThis is my favorite story in the scriptures.While discussing informal/formal language in a beginning Spanish class I 
learned that thee/thou language actually used to be informal, it was used 
in intimate settings. This really hit home for me regarding prayer. Viewing 
God as my Father, I can speak with Him in the most intimate manner, 
expressing my most intimate thoughts and feelings in my heart. I assume 
that's what you mean by 'king's english'... O ya how do you know were you there?Awesome how much you love God. But remember - it's what comes from the 
heart, we can worship God with our lips but if our hearts are not with Him 
then our words are pointless? We are sometimes (nearly always) looking for 
approval from men but I want approval from God. God bless.nevertheless, who art you?... is a good question to ask when we are 
tempted... the Lord will always win, as we hold on to revelation receivedwonderful video, truly made my day watching thisI love hearing about story of Moses as he encounter with Lord on the 
mountain. What great faith not to be tempted with Satan and choose to be 
with God's on his side. It's also important to remember that this fight may not be immediately 
visible to you. That is where faith, hope, and patience come in. I used to have the "Discussions on the Pearl of Great Price" audio that I 
had downloaded from BYUTV - it was the one with Professors Millet, Skinner, 
McConkie, Fronk, Draper, and Rhoades in it. I really loved listening to it. 
Well, it has vanished and I just cannot find it. Does anyone know where I 
could download the MP3 version of that series? I couldn't find a "Contact 
Us" link at BYUTV. I learned from this that we are not alone even when we are in Satan's 
presence or tempted of him. We walk away, not God, right?love this videoneither God or Satan exist.Up!!!Good.Where is thy glory that i should worship thee??? Most beautiful answer 
ever!!! Praise God for Thine alone is the Glory!!God will always prevail and good will always triumph the opposition of the 
adversary. moses one of my favorite prophets the pearl of great price (the book of 
moses) is one of my favorite pieces of the scripturesWhen doing anything for God, you always do it with the utmost respect. Will 
God hear a prayer that uses 'common English'? Of course. But when you 
desire to show God the utmost respect, don't you use the words and language 
that expresses that? Using the 'king's english' is just a way to show God 
that we respect him as a supreme being.What? Is that a serious question? God knows all languages and can speak all 
languages. When he speaks to you, he will speak in a language you can 
understand. However usually he speaks to your heart, using the language of 
the spirit and comfort. The book of Moses was written a long time ago, in 
an ancient language, then translated into English. Your question seems odd, 
but I hope I have answered it.He speaks in each person's language. This video is, of course, a 
representation of communicating with the Lord. The real thing would be 
different. When you have had direct personal conversation with the Lord, I 
hope you would be kind enough to enlighten us. :Dthey are being censored so that isn't exactly a miracle. But I agree it got 
old. who dislike this I love it when nobody swears in comments it got oldthe English we speak is very much slang, "kings English" is actually proper 
English that is far more effective at communicating ideas,there is an order 
to it, and a simplicity beyond our modern language's capacity. We have 
mutated the language into a lazy form of speech that is often 
inadequate.does this last example sound like God?Get Thee Hence!!!so i have a legitimate question: do mormons truly believe god speaks in the 
king's english? seriously? The Lord will appear only to the faithful,humble,meek and pure in heart 
exodus 33:11 The Lord spake unto Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto 
his friend. gen. 32:30 And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I 
have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved. matthew 5:8 Blessed 
are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.THAT IS SUCH A COOL MOSES! Thumbs up if this is the best Moses you've ever 
seen! @oilstories You shall receive it, it's real. D&C 93:1 is true, don't listen 
to the faithless. Believe and repent and become a witness! Elder Bednar 
wouldn't teach this with conviction as an apostle if he wasn't convicted 
that it is true. Don't listen to the naysayers!1:30 Gandalf?that's a good moses!@Hyrshau - It is in the Pearl of Great Price. @Hyrshau This in a book of Scripture called the Pearl Of Great Price. 
Within that book is the book of Moses. That is why he says the book of 
Moses. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints have four books of 
scripture: the Bible, the Book of Mormon: Another Testament of Jesus 
Christ, The Pearl of Great Price, and the Doctrine and Covenants. Does that 
answer your question?@rambojoe2323 It's in the Book of Moses, which is in the Pearl of Great 
Price, a translation done by Joseph Smith.I read the Bible and don't recall this story with Satan ... Where is it in 
the Bible?I love the Pearl of Great Price, so many treasures in a such a small book 
of scripture. I love that God has set limits...i am so happy to have faith in the Lord, in Jesus Christ His Son & in Our 
Church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. We are so blessed 
& indeed I do believe, that Heavenly Father will ALWAYS defeat the works of 
Satan :) Nice vidme encanta este video lo he visto muchas veces!!@Doliath It means he rebukes Lucifer in the name of "Jesus Christ" Jesus 
Christ=Only BegottenThis message is so true, and it provides me with such comfort.Satan will always try to knock you down multiple times but when you choose 
to be in God's side you will always win. Satan is so real but as the Lord 
sayest "Fear not. For the﻿ Lord will fight for you" "Fear not. For the Lord will fight for you."This is so awesomeAmen ! It is so true that when I've listened to a talk or learned something 
wonderful while reading the scriptures that Satan tried to negate that 
experience by pulling me back down. I need to remember that I can stand 
against Satan, tell him to "Get thee hence", that I don't have to listen to 
him. The Lord has always been more powerful than him, and always will be--I 
want to be on God's side.I love how Satan says "son of MAN" not "son of GOD" it is amazing how one 
simple phrase, "Sons and daughter's of GOD." helps you realize who you 
truly are and your potential and that with God all things are possible. One of my favorite scripture story! ^^,I love this story and this video. I am filled with a great hope whenever I 
watch it. "... God has set bounds and limits to the opposing powers of 
Darkness." The Lord will fight for us, and all things are possible.. Makes 
me just want to share to everyone!I love that story always gives me strength to go on in this world of 
turmoil. Thanks Elder HollandI LOVE-LOVE-LOVE-LOVE-LOVE this video! Seeing it was life-changing for me. 
So many true principles are taught, and it confirms the witness born by 
Elder Bednar at our stake conference that the promise of D&C 93:1 is 
literal to all the faithful who desire it. I am one who desires it.