My goodness, look at all those people coming to Jesus!﻿I want to thank you guys for creating these Videos and having them up here. 
This is such a wonderful use of technology and may you only increase moving 
forward. Thanks a lot!﻿<3﻿This is one of my favorite stories of the Savior. I always interpreted it 
that they broke the loaves and fishes into pieces.  I wish they would have 
portrayed it that way because I find it very symbolic... that they broke 
the 'bread' in order for the multitude to be filled.  I think it shows that 
even if we have very little, if we have faith, Christ's Atonement can fill 
us until we are filled. ﻿ Massive! ﻿I just had a thought:  At the end, they had the twelve baskets overflowing 
with the food.  I know see that, symbolically as the Twelve being 
overflowing with the Spirit.  Thank you so much for a beautiful video.﻿I'm not sure I agree with this interpretation. In the New Testament Jesus 
blessed the loaves and fishes then gave them to the apostles to be broken 
up into pieces, like you break the bread for a sacrement, but as they 
continued to do so it became like the window's oil in the Old Testament, it 
didn't run out till there was enough to feed the people. And when the 
people ate the pieces they were filled and that's why it was such a 
miracle. This is what we were taught at institute. What I don't understand 
is the apostles never broke it up here like they did in the scriptures. The 
parable here is supposed to be "it's never enough until you pass it 
around". Instantly having more than enough kind of ruins that.﻿Hungering for the Lord
They did not want to leave
From Him they needed more
To feed them in belief﻿Nathaniel is obviously not interest in seeing the gospel through an LDS 
perspective. He must first take off the glasses from which he looks to see 
any differently, I believe it was said best... For the teachers of religion 
understood the same passages of scripture so differently as to destroy all 
confidence in settling my question by an appeal to the bible. ﻿(See also John 6) The following day the people came again to be fed. Jesus 
answered them and said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, anot 
because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were 
filled" They didn't understand the point of  the miracle, they just wanted 
to eat again. Jesus teaches me on 2 levels- 1st if someone is hungry 
(needy) its very hard to concentrate and so it's important we understand 
and help abate the things that keep the seekers from the message we have to 
share. 2nd, on a more personal level, I can't expect Father to just give me 
what I need, I must pray, and listen, really listen, and work. As Nephi 
said, “I will go; I will do the thing the Lord commands. I know the Lord 
provides a way; he wants me to obey”. I want to be so much better...and it 
seems so easy... Thank goodness for these wonderful video's that, this 
morning anyway, made me want to study a little longer and ponder His 
message. Have a great day. Sorry if I got too preachy- these video's don't 
always do that to me I jus got excited and had a few minutes. Just 
sayin'.... (-:﻿Jesus is truly not limited of our limitations.. Thank you Lord and also 
thanks for Mormon Channel for showing this on youtube﻿I love the background music on these videos, and they help me understand 
things a lot better :D﻿Beautiful music to accompany the video. It touches my heart to watch it 
again and again. And to think that He'll be coming again SOON!﻿Wonderful﻿I love these videos.﻿great video!!﻿I love the way in the end the Savior looks at Peter and Peter to Him like 
they feel the joy of the work. When I feel the Spirit after doing 
whatsoever the Lord commanded I feel a similar joy as if The Savior was 
walking beside me letting me know Heavenly Father is pleased. ﻿Also the lord ask us to give him what we have and he shall multiply it. 
Love these videos. ﻿The most important thing to take from this is that of a great full heart. 
Jesus when he received the bread and fish thanks his father for what he has 
and the miracle was then performed. I don't remember what conference 
pointed that out but I've always been thankful for that lesson. The miracle 
preceded the faith of Christ and it was shown in his gratitude for what was 
given. ﻿I was expecting a nice special effect for the actual multiplying of the 
bread and fish part, and when I saw the cutaway I kinda felt disappointed. 
But then I realized the actual multiplying, or how it came about, is really 
not what's important. The miracle is the feeding of the five thousand, and 
how it came about is a minor part of it. So I actually liked the simplicity 
of the effect because it didn't take away from the focus of the miracle.﻿Jesus Cristo realizou muitos milagres enquanto exerceu seu divino 
ministério e nem todos os que presenciaram seus milagres conseguiram 
compreendê-los ou sequer se deram conta do que estavam vendo. Hoje Ele 
continua fazendo milagres e as pessoas ainda estão na mesma situação. 
Precisamos com urgência nos aproximar ainda mais do nosso Salvador para que 
tenhamos a compreensão necessária para entender e participar de seus 
milagres!﻿So cool :)﻿Great! I really felt the Spirit watching this.﻿One of my favorite stories. :)﻿Wow, highly symbolic. Notice how those 5,000 who followed Christ were fed 
and hungered and thirsted no more after his gift of food. Similarly, if we 
follow Christ individually and collectively, we will neither hunger nor 
thirst spiritually and we will be given blessings and will feel "full". ﻿Keep knockin' them tears out of my eyes, mayne!﻿wow﻿Could you imagine what it would be like to have lived during this time? 
Being able to witness the miracles that Jesus actually preformed? It would 
be amazing. ﻿Hmmm. I LOVE the entire Bible Videos series (particularly the ones that 
focus on Christ), but I think that the filmmakers might have found a more 
creative way to demonstrate the miracle than with a cutaway. The recent 
"Widow of Nain's Son" video exemplified a perfect way to do a miracle: with 
just a hint of SPFX use. In this one instance, I'd say that Finding Faith 
in Christ depicted this scene somewhat more successfully (whereas usually 
the Bible Videos are far superior to Finding Faith in Christ in every way).

Still, I can't wait for more in this series. I'm dying to see the "Stilleth 
the Tempest," "Walking on Water," and "Battle with the Demon Legion" 
sequences - and above all, the entirety of John 11 (including the 
resurrection of Lazarus).﻿I'm grateful for the power of prayer and the miracles of the Savior.﻿Faith.﻿If only the multitude (people of the world) realized what the Savior can 
provide more than food. His love for his brothers and sisters is immense.  
This world can be pretty scary at times, but through my life I have always 
received the same message from Him.  "Fear not little one, I am with you 
always".﻿love this story brings tears to my eyes every time I read it now in video 
also  thank you very much﻿Great video!!﻿