I'm so glad they're doing this series. There's a lot more addiction out 
there than people even realize. It's not all drugs, alcohol, and 
pornography; there are sooo many other kinds! SO GRATEFUL for my Savior's 
Atonement! (huge understatement, lol.) He is my hope that I, and the people 
I love, don't always have to be prisoners to addiction. <3﻿Start to let the poison drain
Pour it out and admit
You've laid a long trail of pain
Living as an addict﻿These stories of courage and faith are so important.I am a therapist and 
work with men suffering from sexual addictions and their brokenhearted 
spouses. I know that all the therapy in the world will only be effective as 
people invite the Savior into the healing process. He is the healer. I was 
going to watch one at a time, but couldn't stop. I can't think of a better 
way to spend some time on a holiday. Thank you, Erik!﻿hope they translate it into Spanish soon or make a similar one to be used 
here in south America too.﻿Just watched all 12 in a row.. Talk about inspiring ! Makes me extra 
grateful for the Gospel and now I can't wait for church tomorrow :) ps 
anyone know the song that plays in the background? It's beautiful﻿These are amazing. I don't want them to end. Gratefully I live the steps 
every day and God's love never ends.﻿The twelve steps saved my life. I now have over 26 years in recovery and my 
wife and I run the ARP program for the San Clemente Stake in southern 
California. I am so grateful to the church for these videos, and I know 
that they will save lives and bring happiness back into the lives of so 
many who suffer from the disease of addiction. I invite anyone in and 
around the San Clemente area who has or knows someone who has a struggle 
with addiction to attend our meeting every Thursday night at the San 
Clemente Stake center. The hours are 7pm-8:30pm in the relief society room.﻿What is the song that is playing in the background toward the end of the 
video?﻿This is going to be a wonderful series. Thank you for sharing.﻿wow incredible. I know that's the only true church. love it so much﻿I'm excited to start watching the series and I'm grateful for those who had 
the courage to share their personal stories. It couldn't have been easy, 
but I know it will help the countless others who are facing the same 
struggles. It will give others the courage, hope and willingness to make 
changes in their own lives—in overcoming and becoming the people they were 
destined to become. Thank you!﻿Gracias desde México d.f. la estaré esperando!!!!!!!!﻿Tears...this is perfect﻿I just wish it were September 1st already!﻿Very cool!﻿wow. this is so needed. can't wait for it all to come out!﻿I'm an addict. I need this.﻿I look forward to these videos coming out. There are thousands out there 
struggling with addiction. I know that the principles taught are the key to 
recovery because they lead you to the Savior, who loves us all and will 
give us the power to overcome our addictions and our past. Willingness and 
desire to change will lead the way to allow Him to be an important part of 
your life. I know as do many others - you can recover and be free!﻿I have been watching this over and over again. I love the gospel, and I am 
so very grateful for repentance and the atonement. It not only heals me, as 
well as everyone else, but it enables me to do better and be a better 
person. It's incredible. I'm really looking forward to this series of 
videos.﻿Soul changing material.﻿This is so important. If you have ever struggled with an addiction, you 
know that it feels impossible to overcome. But it isn't. And the more 
people feel free to talk about this, the more people will feel like it IS 
possible to even try to overcome.﻿I'm addicted 





To this channel.﻿wow. love it. love it!! thank you (:﻿I can't wait to watch them. People wake up!!! We all have a secret but God 
loves you!!!!﻿Does anyone know what the song is that's playing in the video>?﻿TAN PODEROSO!!!!!!!!!! Seriously tho. God lives. I have so many reasons to 
believe. Relief from addiction comes by Him.﻿Wish I could binge watch them all right now.﻿Im so grateful with these 12 guys. Surely they will help a lot of people 
who are in the same case. I wish we can find hope and peace in our lives 
for ever :)﻿Thank you for bringing this in to the light! Addiction thrives in secrecy 
and shame.﻿Came at the right time. . Thank you. Excited for this series.﻿An important and ever-timely message.﻿Excited to watch this, mormon channel, always inspiring﻿Am I gonna cry? I'm gonna ain't I? Crap... I'm gonna cry.﻿wow this is really awesome ...... thank you guys :)﻿excelente﻿Thank you for this video! It is my belief that repentance is one of the 
greatest principles taught by Jesus Christ, and it is because of Him that 
we can overcome our sin and addiction. We can be made clean, and no longer 
be chained to the sins of our past. I hear far too often people being 
referred to by their addiction, as though it is who they are and as though 
that is what they always will be. Such is simply not true! Know that there 
is hope! Follow the steps and know that you are more than a thoughtless 
label; you are loved and you can overcome and find happiness and peace.﻿Incredibly well done. Tackling the issue directly and remembering that we 
all can overcome our personal addictions small and large through the 
Atonement of Jesus Christ.﻿I am excited that many more people will be able to find the road to peace 
through the Savior. As an active addict it was the last place I would have 
looked.﻿Awesome. Beautiful. Amazing. Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU! If any of you 
are struggling with addiction, please know that there is help and there is 
HOPE!﻿Well done! Thank you for doing this so we can start talking about addiction 
and how we can find recovery through the 12 steps and be whole again 
through Jesus Christ.﻿