What a beautiful story it made me cry with mixed feelings of joy for the 
love given by these wonderful people, guilt for not doing enough for my 
fellowman and sadness for the children that the world has forgotten, little 
ones that have to suffer hunger and immense poverty in a world that has 
abundance, where tones of food is thrown away everyday.  God bless these 
loving people that give so much and let us all try to help when we see a 
need. ﻿I believe our Savior must be pleased to see His children coming together 
from various churches in unity to bring His love and share His blessings.This made me cry for two reasons. First because the video is sad to know 
children live in poverty. Second because I recently spent my tithing money 
on a hospital bill and thought I shouldn't tithe because the hospital bill 
was obviously unexpected and for good reason. After seeing this tonight I 
know I need to. However far back I might be behind on my financials from 
this bill it wont be as much as these children. I can catch up eventually. thank you lord for giving me a job so that i can pay tithing :) "And behold, I tell you these things that ye may learn wisdom; that ye may 
learn that when ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in 
the service of your God." Mosiah 2:17I showed this video at church today and at the end everyone had tears in 
their eyes. This video just changed the lives of 8 teenage girls in my 
class. Also today I talked to a Welfare missionary sister. She helps 
co-ordinate church involvement in projects like this. The church partners 
with many organisations around the world to do good, most we never hear 
about. Everyone who has donated to the LDS Humanitarian Fund has 
contributed to this. I know I can donate more.This video is sad, but makes me happy that finally those kids smiled a 
little bit. thanks for that wonderful message...sana marealized yan nang ibang tao lalo 
na yung medyu may kaya na sana mag impart naman sila.man so sadd. makes me think a lotWe forget how blessed we are here in the US. Its heartbreaking that there 
are so many children in poorer countries who don't have even the most basic 
of their needs fulfilled. Thank goodness there are still organizations like 
the LDS church that are truly committed to relieving suffering around the 
world. Gives me hope for humanity. @UrbanFool06 I wouldn't call it ironic. Working together they accomplish 
more. It's a partnership, it avoids duplication of effort. It's on purpose.Awesome kids! The Lord loves all people.SO NICE... MUY LINDO...When people cooperate to give a little boy a simple football he always 
wanted to have, in this very moment they are no more Catholics or Mormons 
but simply children of our Heavenly Father.Isn't it a bit ironic that Catholic Social Services had to call the LDS 
church for help?I'm glad I watched this alone because I can't stop crying.What a great video! It makes me so happy to see wonderful, loving people 
like this couple. They make me want to be a better person. I can't wait to 
watch this with my 6-yr-old who sometimes struggles to donate her old toys 
or clothes to DI. Now I can show her where it might go! Thank you so much 
for this wonderful, inspiring video.Praise God! It is all about doing the Lord's work and loving those like 
these sweet kids. I love when the denominational or religious walls come 
down and we all just work together in the name of Christ no matter what 
group or background, to love those who may have never known God's love 
otherwise.I just lost it when the boy said all he had ever wanted was a ball. I'm 
really glad he was finally able to have one to call his own.God bless...@brwlr3 Thank you for your charity. You are a beautiful person :)Truly the work of the Lord. Lift and help your brother........God Bless 
them all!I lived with Dominicans in Boston, they are very nice people. I hope God 
helps those kinds so they can help others in the future. BLESSwow my cousin served his mission at the Dominican Republic.......touching 
stuff.....be better people and do our part and do the little things as volunteer and 
helping people in your neiborhood just be there for people and never ask 
for anything in return and you are helpping people more than u know it all 
about faith and the belieif we have and share together that will make a 
differcence it only talks on person to make a differcence and more wil 
follow.this is what we rly need in the world.....love each otherOne day i will help alot of charities.. InshallahJESUS IS LORD...We should all do more of what these wonderful people are doing for these 
children.such a good videoThis made me cry.very touchingIt's amazing to me how I can skip two meals, one Sunday per month, and 
dedicate the money I would've spent on those meals to the Lord and his 
Church so that they can bless God's children. To hear these stories and to 
see the good that the LDS church is doing with the money God blesses me 
with is remarkable. This is why I will always pay my fast offerings.Wonderful works.What a nice man, making the world as bright as it can be.True Christianity.This video makes me want to be a better person =)