When I first came here I thought it was going to be the Carpenter's song: 
Sing. No such luck.﻿Hello, thats beautyful song, you have a lyrics, only word, thanks.upliftingNah... We just believe that humans are great at composing and performing 
beautiful music. No god needed ;-)Things like this are amazing because they show the power of music, music 
can make the world feel so magical that it can be used to make people 
believe in magic, or in a spiritual power. The key power of organised 
religion is not the fear of hell, but the feeling of good acoustics. And 
the whole thing becomes all the more amazing, to me, when I think that 
people, apparently simple and inferior people, can create such power and 
beauty. Full respect to Christians and to the Mormons though. I WAS!Sooo beautiful!! It reminds me of my time spent singing with the Handel & 
Haydn Society in Boston, MA in 1963-1965.Sam Blake Just beautiful!! It sounds like it is coming directly from 
Heaven!!Absolutely beautiful In all my life I have NEVER heard anything SO 
BEAUTIFUL! It sounds as though Almighty God himself s present conducting 
this beautiful work by Charles-Marie Vidor. Thank you so much fpr this 
rendition!!I love this. This is a REALLY fun and good song. I love this video. Thanks 
for posting. Does ANYONE know where OR how I can get the lyrics, to this 
song??? Great Christmas Music !!♥ JUST BEAUTIFUL ! FOR YOU HEAVENLY FATHER AND JESUS CHRIST ♥This is the kind of event that can even convince some atheists that God 
just may exist, after all.Can be described in one word, "Heavenly." Overwhelming. If there's a performance that can open up the heavens, it's 
this one.I wish I could have been there.This is the type of performance that cannot be described with words, but is 
instead, an event. The heavens seem to open up and descend down on earth, 
directly from above. Awe-inspiring.Deep spiritual energy, with drive and purpose. Simply inspiring.Like, Love, Jump up and down. This is as close to actual fireworks as it 
comes in the Conference Center! Hurray for Master Rick and everyone who is 
bursting with JOY! Life and music are about the happiness explosions we get 
to have once in a while.Nobody does it better than the men and women of the Tabernacle Choir and 
Orchestra. I did not love the composition. I know there is an arranger, or 
an Orchestral director who is holding their chest in agony right now, but 
putting the choir in on this piece seems more of an afterthought than a 
showcase for the world's greatest choir. Someone loved this work, knew it 
was magnificent for the organ, therefore why not the choir. They were wrong.beautifull 