jesus christ...I'm a young woman but i know there are thousand of us. I BELIEVE :)HIA ME AGAIN!! You can also watch "Are Mormons Christians?" It's another 
Mormon Message.The full name of our church is The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day 
Saints. We believe that this is Christ's church.One difference is that we 
have the Book of Mormon; translated by Joseph Smith. Between the Bible and 
the Book of Mormon, there is only one line that can be drawn. That is the 
Mormon church. With just the bible, there are so many interpretations. We 
believe in Christ and center our lives around him like other Christain 
churches.We just have another testament of Jesus to help us.I know He loves all of us, we are guardians of virtue and we are changing 
the world... Step by step :) :)@cheesecake1313 We believe that the family is the most important unit in 
God's plan of happiness, and therefore, we take the role of a mother very 
seriously, and prepare for it while we are young. We don't necessarily want 
to be mothers at too young of ages, but we aspire to be mothers, so we 
prepare from our youth. :) Good question.Who could possibly dislike this video? These Young Women are the most 
virtuous girls on Earth. Thank for for your examples, all of you.i am a young woman and i beleive(: i love this video and i watch it over 
and over(:@hibernianish shell come to you keep looking(: @cheesecake1313 they dont.....so can someone tell me the difference between a Christan and a Mormon? Why do those young adults want to become mothers at such a young age?Is it wrong for me to say..this is the type of woman ..I wanted to Marry my 
whole life! where is there such a woman for me/@mandyeveritt Congratulations! I hope your life in the Gospel is as happy 
as mine has been.@Einstein12321 you can go to lds.org and watch and listen to all GC I had no idea that there are a big diversity of culture in LDS community. 
Such a powerful message from this video. I love this video!! Although Im no longer at the young womens age group 
this touched me so much!!! To hear the words of president monson really 
touched my soul!! realmente necesito ayuda quiero vivir en paz no se como salir de este 
infierno.Realmente no entiendo nada pues no se ingles estoy tan asustada no tengo 
salida ami gran problema si alguien se compadece de mi mi fono es 
999921306, estoy lios realmente fuertes no se como salir necesito paz.@2603alina good job i now ur faith and testamony will be strong@2603alina good job!!!this is awesome!!! we CAN change darkness into lightThis is a great video. It gives me hope for the future!"trying our best to live up to our potential" I like that.This is a wonderful video and I am honored to be in the Young Women's 
program and to work with them on their personal progress. What a blessing 
our young women are! Beautiful!being a new member of the church of jesus christ of the latter day saints 
and hearing these inspiring messages help me understand and believe more:) I love this! These are amazing young women. Thank you for sharing! I'm so sad I had to miss the YW broadcast this year! Thank you for posting, 
so I can watch!wonderful memories ! now I belong to the relief society and a happy mather 
and wiffe!we love youutoo <3What a sweet video... I agree with their words, and I love the words of the 
prophet, especially when I learn to take it in and use them in my daily 
life. I agree the strong power we gain is through the Lord when we read the 
scriptures and pray. :)Amazing video! Thanks to the great Young Woman's Organization of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. This message is for those who know 
young women, their parents and the boys that frequent them. Young women are 
daughters of God and have a great purpose in life. such an awesomely inspiring video! im a brand new convert, and this really 
is helpful to me! i got baptized march 25 :] "A world in which everyone believed in the purity of women and the nobility 
of men, and acted accordingly , would be a very different world, but a 
grand place to live in." -Channing Pollocklove the music in the background.This is such a beautiful video and message. Thank you for posting it. :)