Who here is waiting this video in 2015﻿I can testify that this man has prayed for the lost sheep of his flock who 
are truly lost﻿Oh, Sooooo much TRUTH !!!   Soooooo well presented !!!﻿Perfect! I so absolutely needed to hear this. Over and over! Thank you.Elder Holland really portrays the power of God. He sweeps you off your feet 
when he speaks. You cant listen to him standing upLanguage captions are incorrect. Fix please. I love Elder Holland's speeches. They are fantastic.Elder Holland is THE MAN!Thank You So Much for this wonderful talk..... I love this! Thank You! The truth shall set us free.As always with Elder Holland, a great and profound speech ! You NEVER check your religion at the door. That is integrity. At all times, 
and in all things and in all places.Great!The correct principles taught by Elder Holland seem very transferable to 
me—they obviously don't just apply to sporting events, those who dress 
differently than me, and challenging situations involving children. I see a 
lot of application of these principles in our current political context and 
I am inspired to be more Christ-like in the discharge of my civic duties."Never check your religion at the door! Not ever!" -quote of the yearBeaucoup apprécié les paroles d'un apôtre de notre Seigneur Jésus-Christ ! Thank you Elder Holland for your timely words of wisdom! I am so grateful 
to our Father in Heaven for blessing you with an incredible gift and 
ability to deliver the gospel of Jesus Christ with flair, simple and plain 
verbage for all who choose to listen to the Holy Ghost! I consider it a 
privilege to listen with the Holy Ghost and hear the pure gospel and the 
gift of your entertaining and perceptive explanations of divine wisdom! : ) 
Thank you for your service as an Apostle of Jesus Christ! I love Elder Jeffrey. He cares so much about the youth.. :)What an amazing message. The world's exposure to the church is very 
different than it was just a few years ago. We all should embrace this 
"mormon moment" and be at our best, so that they can be their best. 