If looking for an excuse to not believe, we will find it. For example, here 
Christ says to eat his flesh and drink his blood. I believe some who heard 
this particular teaching found the excuse they were looking for to discard 
Christ. Try all things; hold fast that which is good.﻿Its amazing how these people were comparing and even desiring the miracles 
they knew of moses and speaking of the way manna fell from the sky when 
they were in the dessert and saw these things to be great, yet could not 
see the great works and words of the lord. All the knowledge he was giving 
and teaching them, they couldn't see it. They could not see how special and 
miraculous the times they were living in were, even more than any other 
they could've compared it to. ﻿May we always have an appetite for the teachings of Jesus Christ.﻿Happy Easter Everyone!!!﻿Thnk u jesus﻿flesh = the Word
blood = the Spirit

I get it now﻿33 Dis likes Typical﻿主の、伝道ですが、有名な聖書の、場面ですね、ルカ伝の、所が、一番こころに残りますね﻿I AM the bread of Life
I AM the Light of the World

who has ears to hear﻿Funny go they don't do videos related to all the morbid parts of the Bible. 
Read your Bibles, we need more atheists.Wonderful videos of Jesus, The Word himself.This is part of video production series being produced by the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The full series of some 50+ videos can 
be seen at biblevideos[dot]org These videos are produced by the. Mormon church and they are short Bible 
stories not a full length movie.. Although I wish they were..Very inspiring and good length for showing to children and youth.Who is this actor who plays Jesus? He is absolutely phenomenal !these folks didn't even speak English..!This video is worth seeing, for they do open ones heart to see the Bread of 
Life. Thank you for posting this video.These videos are awesome, thanksAmazingSo much do we learn along the way. For me I know I am powerless alone. Only 
through the sacrament and the will of god do I keep going. Blessed be his 
holy name.Who produced this? What's it called?super I'm crying while watching this video, and know that the Savior did come to 
redeem us from our filth. He is our Lord and God Almighty. Come to Him and 
live!! :-)The Savior did come to save us all, all those who would believe in His 
name. He does love us. The Spirit testified to me of that while watching 
this.These videos are not a continuous film. They are individual videos based on 
events from the scriptures. According to an article by the Deseret News, 
about 100 videos were made. A little less than half of them have been 
released so far. Pancho - here are the Bible Videos that the Church has published in 
Spanish. They have an entire Church website dedicated to Spanish! 
Disfrútalo y pasa la corriente hermano! ;) Ve a You Tube (punto) ccm y 
luego lo siguiente, pero sin espacios: / user / MormonMessages SPA - el 
sitio web de la Iglesia en Español es: lds (punto) org y luego, sin 
espacios: / ?lang = spa .... Buena suerte!Gotta say, I never really had a clear model in my mind for how this 
Christ's message was delivered in this scripture, until I watched this 
video. Very well done.They're available in Spanish and other languages on the Bible Videos 
website (click on "English" in red text at the very bottom to change the 
language) biblevideos(dot)lds(dot)orgIt is amazing to me to learn that it really does take a life time to feast 
upon the bread of Jesus Christ but this realization comes with much peace 
and understanding for the many things that I have learned through 
practicing my faith and the ordinances of the Gospel.These videos are great!! When we are feeling week and need to strengthen 
our FAITH watch these and you'll be be strengthened and it will guide you 
to making the right choices. SEEK THE SPIRIT!Beautiful. The actor's phrasing, inflection and movements make the 
scriptures more coherent, cohesive and understandable.Jesus, God made flesh, not son of Lucifer but almighty God, gives life to 
humans dead in sin. Surrender to Him as LORD and Savior will be complete 
freedom from the judgement of sin. No exultation to a place of god ship, no 
wives that are in surrender to their human, small god husbands. An 
independent relationship with their creator, free from male domination. A 
place equal to that of their male husbands.Where can I get the full feature film?Please!!!!!! Spanish Videos!!!!!!!!! this can be use to Preach... It's for 
Preach the Gospel indeed :) Spanish please!!! I love You Lord <3awesome words of the Savior : )These were done so well! :)Excellence! Beautiful! Profound! Eternal! Everlasting! All Glory be to The 
Father, Son and Holy Ghost!Why this video doesn't have subtittles? There are many people who can't 
hear but would be delighted to read Jesus wordsActing in this new video is FANTASTIC!! The actor that plays Jesus really 
looks like The Saviour in His spontaneity and simpleness!!I was hoping the video would go far enough to reach John 6:68, one of my 
favorite scriptures. When people ask me why I'm LDS/Mormon, I explain to 
them that I would never consider a church that rejects the Book of Mormon 
and modern revelation. Without revelation, where would I find the living 
water, the living bread, the words of life (not merely the words of 
prophets past and dead)? No, the LDS Church has access to the words of 
life, where else can I go?No me gusta autopromocionar, pero en nuestro canal encuentras los últimos 
videos con subtítulos.These videos are so well done. Love them! I wish they had the 1080p version 
though. I only can see the 720 version. These videos are so well done. Love them! I said wow!! I was thinking about this chapter!! He is my Master and my 
Savior..without a shadow of doubt he lives and can heal all our wounds jesus is 
lord.very good. A strong reminder to me of where my source of light comes from.Beautiful...These bible videos are awesome! However the mormon channel hasn't recently 
translated them into Spanish. Spanish membres and non-members of the Church 
would really enjoy these videos in Spanish as well.Inspired Words of the Savior Love the Johannine discourses and when the videos are about this long. 
Absolutely great.This discourse followed the miracles where Jesus fed thousands with a few 
loaves and fishes. Those who were following Him were less interested in 
doctrine than they were in being fed again. He gave them a spiritual 
discourse urging them to come to Him and receive eternal life. Because they 
were carnally minded, they misunderstood His words, were offended and left. 
The Apostles stayed and were blessed for it. We ought to value spiritual 
things before (and sometimes in place of) temporal things. 