"Fear not. I am with thee. Oh, be not dismayed. For I am thy God and will 
still give thee aid. I'll strengthen thee, help thee and cause thee to 
stand, upheld by my righteous, omnipotent hand!"﻿Man, whenever I'm having a sucky day I just jump to this "Mormon Messages 
Playlist" and immediately look past my own faults and realize there's so 
much more good to do today!﻿There was a time when a non-member once told me something which as: "I wish 
I could see you when you end up all alone and you have to survive by 
yourself". I know for certain that I have never been, that I'm not and that 
I'll never be alone. My Redeemer lives and He loves me. He knows me and He 
will help me with every step I take towards eternal life.Yes, because we are always in the company of Heavenly Father and Jesus 
Christ.that's right, i believe he loves all that turn to him in sincerityi really needed this today. not because i have sinned, but just because of 
the weight on my sholders. this video reminded me that christ will take my 
burdens and make them light. the spirit definiyely directed me to this 
video. i needed the messageDon't cry Utah!Yes you can feel the Spirit of the Lord from time to time,but as a member 
of the LDS church you can have him as a constant companion.You are absolutely right! No one is saying you do. This message is for 
anyone and everyone. :) I hope you felt it when you watched this video. God 
bless!and you are right :)You dont have to be a Mormon to feel the spirit of the Lord! :)I once ran a 5k at my school, something I'd never really done before. I'm 
not the athletic type, and even though I chose the easier course, it was 
still difficult for me. Along my way, I was blessed to see so many there, 
cheering me on, telling me to keep going. I tried to help others the same 
way. In my mind, the goal was to run, and not walk... I ended up reaching 
the finish line in about 38 minutes time, not walking one bit. It felt so 
good. <3 I felt accomplished."When we are alone, are we in good company?"Thank you, Sis. Dalton. I needed that. :)Sister Dalton is my spritual inspration to me and always will be my 
legandary hero when i was a young women @LukeAir2008 I hope you do not feel alone anymore :) ill cheer you on ^^ "We are never alone. Our Heavenly Father is only a prayer away." Thank you 
Sister Dalton. Thank you. Man i needed this video real bad. I just moved to college and in the 
confusion of trying to figure my life out its easy to forget he is there.Jesus Christ gives me hope.My mom just ran boston :)I have watched this video several times and it always brings the spirit. It 
has such great truths to runners and sinners alike. There is palpable power 
in fervent prayer. I just balled my eyes out! Very inspirational. And Im not even mormon! 
Thank you..♥I really needed this message today. Thank You.How powerful to know that others feel what I felt when I watched this clip. 
God will be the wind at our backs, making it easy to run when we stay on 
the path that leads to life eternal. Just keep going, just keep going. Story of my life.WONDERFUL MESSAGE! I LOVE THIS CHANNEL AND GOSPEL!@LukeAir2008 ~there are days each of us feel alone. if we keep putting one 
foot forward with each step even when heavy heart we take one more step 
towards joy. always know YOU are thought of and prayed for. Thank you.Thanks. I needed this, today.Great inspiration by Sister Dalton. Those words which she spoke that was an 
answer to her Prayer is the 3rd verse of How Firm a Foundation. 5/5Tks I liked it. This video help meThis lifted my day. Thanks to Sister Dalton for that message.i love the church and its nice to know you'll never be alone my brother has 
just 40 more days on his mission left.I love this video!That was so beautiful. It brought tears to my eyes =]I felt the spirit bear a wittness to me of this great trueth. thanks. 
Richard ChristiansenI know how you feel. I am now trying to get back on my knees and see if i 
can find some happiness. I invite you to join me, and I wish us both peace.Great video :) and message...thanks for sharing!I love this Youtube Channel. And I love this church.Thank you for this wonderful message Depression is Satan's best tool and 
from personal experience it can have devistating result both in the family 
and with singles May the Lord bless you allI feel very alone most of the time. Thats because i am! But this video 
brought a little tear to my eye. Its a great message. No matter how alone 
or afraid we might be, just keep running and think about reaching that 
finishing line.This video came just in time for me, i was losing faith.Again.I'm no marathon runner, but the Lord has always been there. I thank him 
that I am part of his Church.What a beautiful message! Marathons are a metaphor to life. It is a 
spiritual experience! My last marathon I too started to feel discouraged 
but this thought came in to me. I have come this far, I have done so well, 
I cannot give up! I am so glad I finished! I know it is the same in life. 
When the rough spots come it seems so much easier to just throw the towel 
in but we will never stretch and we will never grow if we do. We will never 
feel the beauty of being a finisher! Endure to the End!running, especially marathons teaches me so much and always gives me 
analogies for life! I love the Gospel and I love running!!! Thanks Sister 
Dalton!Brilliant!I just moved to a whole new town away from my family into an apartment with 
girls I don't know and have been feeling so lonely...this message has 
helped me so much and I am so grateful for this church!Thank you, this is exactly what I needed to hear.I love this video. I just now say this, my Young Woman's President sent it 
to me. I am so thankful I've grown up as a Latter Day Saint !Isn't it great that the church is embracing mordern technology to help 
spread the good to combat all the negative and horrible things in this 
world?! Thank you for starting this avenue of providing additional 
spiritual insights and uplift! Thank you Sis. Dalton for sharing your story!I think he read it at the General Women's Conference - 1997Thank you!I don't remember if President Hinckley read the proclamation on the family 
in general conference or not, I would love to see a video about it. 
Especially right now. I love these videos, Thank you.WOW! This video touch my heart alot. I felt like my hear melted. Thanks 
GOD! Now I know I will never be alone. ^_^The spirit was so strong during the answer to Sister Dalton's prayer & 
broke down...that was exactly what I have been needing to hear. Thanks! :)I love mormon messages!Amen Sister Dalton. We CAN get through ANYTHING with the help that the 
Savior has to offer. Thank you for this powerful message.Thank you Sister Dalton, I needed this today, I do not know what my future 
holds, my wife has started drinking and has decided "She is finished" I 
could use the Lords arms around me about this time.very uplifting video. Thanks.there are ppl/runners who run out of breath and walk. Those are the ones 
who will never win. There are ppl who feel pain and slow down, they are 
those who will take 2nd and 3rd place. And there are those who push through 
it, no matter how much it hurts or how hard it is to keep going, and they 
are the winners. thanks for the great video!! ctrWhat a great story and I really enjoyed that.Wow! Very inspirational!There are winners and lousers. However if we quit right at the very monment 
we lose. But the more we keep on trying the better we might win.Thank you for this reminder of Christ's role in my life. God is Great.Fantastic! How great to know that besides our Heavenly Father we also have 
other people cheering us up to finish the race! Even greater, that we can 
cheer others to finish their races!I can't imagine life without a connection and relationship with my Father 
in Heaven.upheld by Thy righteous omnipotent hand!What an amazing video. My dad started running in races recently, and he 
often makes similar references to the spiritual side of a marathon.I was struggling with some problems yesterday and feeling really bad, but 
today when I watch this video, I realize whatever happens, Our Heavenly 
Father is always with us.beautiful message that i can apply to my life. thank you! god bless.I love the parallel this story has to life. No matter where we are and how 
well we feel we are prepared, there will be and are hills or trials that 
will test us. That is what this life is all about if we won't turn to Him 
even when we are in our weemingly darkest moments. We ARE never alone, He 
is always just a thought, prayer, or hymn away, and when we turn and reach 
out to Him we find, sometimes to our amazement, He was always just stanig 
there waiting for us to look His way, and He lives!Yah its great to know we can pray anywhere if we need help.Wow, that was amazing. I feel like I need that reminder every now and then. 
Thanks for posting such an amazing video!OHH Thank ulove this video, Thank you Heavenly Father for all your love to my friends 
family and myself.What else can I say? Simply an awesome message! Thanks!I'm glad we can always turn to our Heavenly Father whenever we are in need 
of help =).Really beautiful and meaningful as well.Wow great video. This is by far my favorite youtube channel. The sister in 
this video is clearly a true disciple of Christ. My she be blessed for 
sharing this story.Amen.What a wonderful message! I so needed to hear this today. Thank you! DenaWOW! a wonderful story to go with one of my favorite Hymns of comfort and 
strength. thank you!This is great there are so many parallels between exercise and physical 
health and daily living of the gospel. Rating 5/5Touching video. Thank you so much! ♥amazing video!!! love it!!Beautiful video. Exactly what I needed today.I was just wondering what are some ways I can cheer up my friends to 
continue?cool my dad runs marathons too.