What a great video! Well done Brad Robins!﻿I want to be able to download this theme song...It's so awesome!﻿stand on the path of LIGHT who is Christ our Lord...I love this s0ng this is our theme for 2013I'm glad I have to give a talk on Standing in holy places. am I the only one who gets emotional when I see this video?was preparing a talk and I watched this. I loved this video!! ;)I love the church and am a strong member. But this music always get stuck 
in my head!lol time to listen to some alternative rock.i used to sing this dong since our last youth conference so good to keep 
reminding me to stand and to shine..Thank you! I love this song so much!Love this!!!I absolutely love this song! I am a mormon and have just returned from 
girls campThis is truly beautiful. I am finding my faith in Jesus Christ, our savior 
and the Son of God, our Heavenly Father. 1 Ne 17:50, 2 Ne 9:21. These words 
truly inspire me.Who sings this song???? Love her VoiceThis is really inspiring, We should really stand in holy places... Heard this song I loved it!To all the wonderful Young Women of the church,remember your meeting today 
at the Spanish Town chapel,starting at 3pm.Stand in Holy Places and be not 
move until the day of the Lord cometh.......Hope to see you all 
there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!What a wonderful theme for the YM and YW and for all youth. The direction 
of our feet determine the direction of our heart, mind and actions. All 
places we stand can be holy places when we stand for truth and 
righteousness. I love the video and the YW in my ward. It is a blessing to 
serve them in my calling. Two of my beautiful grandchildren are in the 
family scene which makes this even more meaningful. As their birth was a 
"holy places" for me as they joined our earthly family.I Stand To Be An Example Aand To Be Like JesusThe video is incredible. I wont be downloading the music year, way over 
produced.first day i watched this at SMYC. It will be def a week to remember. I know 
for a surety i am a child of God and i am here on earth to serve him. amazing song! it makes me stronger! This is such a moving video! It really shows how preparing now helps us 
prepare for our future spouse! It really encourages me to come closer to 
the Lord because that's exactly what I want my husband to be doing. Other 
than the adorable love story part, my favorite is when it shows them on 
missions at the same time! It's so cute! This video was put together 
absolutely perfectly!is there a version of this song in other languages? I am looking for the 
spanish version :)Each time I watch those videos I feel really proud and grateful for being a 
mormon!this gave me goose bumps!I love this video!!Thanks for sharing a great message!what is the name of the song?The Lord, Our SAVIOR saith: "wherefore, Stand Ye In Holy Places, and Be Not 
Moved, Until The Day of The Lord Come; for behold, It Cometh Quickly, Saith 
The Lord. Amen.I love how they show there age progression from teenagers to missionaries 
to return missionaries, to meeting and being married in the temple! To 
teaching all there kids in the way there parents taught them! And how they 
continue to share the gospel with one another as they truly stand in holy 
places as they are in there old age, how cute!! That's really what this 
scripture this gospel and this church is really all about!! Amen well done! 
Thank you so so much for the inspiration!!:)) for all ofimagine how strong these prophets must have been, to not deny Christ, when 
their lives were in danger along with all the people around them. To tell 
the people to be strong, because it is worth it. And it is. Especially in 
these days, it's important to "Stand in Holy places, and be not moved, 
until the day where the Lord comes, Behold, it comes quickly, saith the 
Lord." The lord really is aware of you. This video, this scripture, this 
message, is living, guiding proof. Never forget that. It does give the true message of Mormonism. If you try hard enough,...very good theme for 2013... all these words are the best way to start the 
coming new year! :)I love this!Inspired me! :)This is beautiful! What a blessing the world has, in the restored Gospel of 
Jesus Christ!! Beautiful!Love it! So uplifting and inspiring!very nice''love it!I love this new theme song.Wonderful :)What a lovely song and video! Oh my word that is amazing. "Stand ye in holy places". :-) ;-) :-P.Awesome!!!!!! :D can't wait till 2013