Great mural...BUT, Utah is the only state without a permanent population of 
whitetail deer. The balance of the mural is authentic and lovely.Yes we do, and there's nothing new to give 10% everybody did it, Render to 
Cesar the things that are Cesar's, and to God the things that are God'sHoe beautiful! The Spirit is so strong in the Temple, especially as I 
viewed this lovely art. I can't wait till the dedication tomorrow!What do you care what people do with THEIR money?Wow!!! Beautiful paintings!!!Great grandpa would definitely describe him well. :-) His work is beautiful.Great grandpa would definitely describe him well. :-)I'm about 90% sure that things like this are paid for by individual 
donations for the specific purpose of completing temples. Tithing funds 
definitely play a part, but usually there are donors that step up with 
extra funds, of their own will, to make something really nice in the temple 
happen. It just goes to show how important these buildings are to us.Beautiful art work... cant wait to go through after the dedication this 
sundayI hope Gary e. Smith comes to Winnipeg and works on some art for the new 
"Winnipeg Manitoba Temple" someday soon !!!So glad you brought that up. It is wonderful to pay tithing. To move the 
Gospel forward we do need temples, meetinghouses, materials, and so much 
more. Yes, tithing is considered 10% of one's income and Latter-day Saints 
feel it is an important and physically healthy commandment to give that to 
the Church.I love it Gary! Great job using your talents to build the kingdom. The 
Barron Family misses you. PaigeVery neat. What an honor to be invited to paint those murals. The second I walked into this room I was blown away! Such a thrill to see 
such beauty. Felt like heaven!2:40 Yes, you all give 10% of your income...Absolutely breathtaking to see in person. Thank you Brother Smith for 
adding so much to our temple! You did a masterful job.These are so peaceful and beautiful. They are a prayer's gift .Can't wait to see it in person! I go to school at Utah State but left for a 
few months for work... But this video reminded me of some of the great 
things I get to return to! I was stunned by the beauty of the paintings throughout the temple. I love 
that Bro. Smith used the surrounding landscape to capture the beauty of the 
area. I certainly came away with a love for the beauty of the temple and 
murals, and other paintings hanging in other areas of the temple. Truly an 
exquisite talent, and I'm so glad I had the privilege of attending the open 
house.hermoso arte!!! un gran talento I was there this last weekend for the temple's open house. The murals in 
every applicable room were amazing and peace-giving. que hermoso templo, bello por dentro y por fuera!!en verdad, el desierto 
florecio como la rosa...Thats just beautiful :) Thanks for the video! absolutely beautiful. Captures the feel of the room perfectly. Beautiful art.