Very sweet arrangement.﻿Each day there are neighbors to greet
And all kinds of people to meet
There are smiles to give and words to send
For it feels so good to be a friend﻿We sang this song at my great grandmother's funeral. It is a simple, yet 
powerful message. It truly brings the spirit of our Savior.i got sick and had to miss church 2day so i checked out this and it lifted 
my spirts! thnksI feel so thankful every week at Church to be member and The love which the 
members bring back to me.love this songVery endearing and sweet. I love the song.This is just so beautiful; the music and the message.I myself loveeee this love video! because LOVE is always the answer. "for 
God so LOVED the world that he GAVE US his ONLY begotten SON that whoever 
beleives in him will not perish, but LIVE 4EVER!!!! The only reason we can 
even know love is because he first loved us amen? LOVE covers a multitude 
of sins but yall remember Jesus shed blood on the cross didn't just cover 
our sin...it crucified our sins and washed us white as snow. I'm nolonger a 
sinner but a saint..amen! TY JESUSThank you! I was wondering who the artist was!@rubblemp Sorry, but God is love.......not the other way around. Check out 
1 John 4.How could a righteous soul dislike this video? In truth, Christ speaks in 
this video, not man- neither a mormon, a jehovah's witness, protestant, 
catholic or jew- but Christ. The perfect image of our Heavenly Father 
Jehovah. Such a beautiful video and a Holy message, only those who have the 
spirit of the world operating within them could turn their hearts away from 
this.I just shared on FB with my friends. Love is God, God is good all the time. @mdlight2 Don't know who you are, but I"m so grateful for the quote you 
shared. I just posted it on my Facebook page because I was touched by it 
and needed to hear that, but I also felt that others would be as well. 
THANK YOU!!America, our brave and noble land, is wounded. Deeply divided, she is 
suffering war on all fronts -- war in her economy, war between the citizens 
and their own government, war with international neighbors, war among 
religions, and war in the media, who seem to be feasting like vultures on 
America's dismembered parts. Citizens, we must resurrect the wild and free 
spirit of our America! Then our nation will again be peaceful and strong.This is great- I've used a few of the Mormon messages to teach in Nursery- 
The children love watching and listening on my laptop! @Nashhinton All "mormons' that belong to THe church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints are Christians. Are we perfect, no. Do we try to be like 
our Saviour, yes.I love this song:) honesty I love all the hymns!I am the First Speaker tomorrow and its all about Love One Another!!!!! 
This is the first time that i will speakCan you please tell me who sings this hymn? I really love this version.I love this songI'm actually a christian, but to be honest with everyone, mormons are very 
moral people. I commend that.Thank you for having this being captioned. It helps me enjoy this very 
much. thats an awsome clipWho sings this Hymn? I know its from the LDS Hymn books but who's singing 
it?I feel blessed to be a part of this wonderful Church.@killthephonies We would love to have you back. The door is always open.It has been said you should love your friends and hate your enemies,but i 
say unto you love your enemies and prey for those who hate you. so love one 
another -jesus@mdlight2 Love them anyway! very peaceful very true very moving GOD IS GREATI'm ex-mormon, really only went because my parents made me...however this 
is still one of the most gorgeous songs I have ever heard, musically and 
lyrically. Very nice indeed! We need 10 times more of these messages....to drown out 
the wickness and abominations out in the world....I think this shows how truly beautiful our religion is.it´s soo wonderful !! I love this song !!!Lovely. This is my favourite Hymn"i really love watching the mormon massages videos. it had helped us in 
searching our theme in the CSP for hearing impaired students here in the 
Philippines. it also inspires the people we've shared the videos. what i 
like the most is where at the end of the video clip, it was our Greatest 
Example, even Our Savior Jesus Christ who served His own servants, that 
showed His tremendous Love for not just a single man but exactly as 
everyone of us! Glory be to his name!Amazing, this is my favorite! :DI LOVE the music for this! Anyone know where I can get it??Wow. It's true. That's how you can tell a true follower of Christ. Love. 8 )How can I download this?! oh i love this video!It is performed here by Debra Fotheringham and Russ Dixon [lead singer of 
the band "Colors"].Love really is the message the World need to hear right now. It certainly 
is what I need to hear. O, how much better the world would be if everyone 
learned to love one another.keepvid or free studio manager. free studio manager is great. you can 
convert what ever you want. And there is another way to keep your 
favorites: Just build a playlist here on youtube and listen whenever you 
want to. Hopefully this helped. : )Pray for your enemies. Smile. Peace be with you. May the Lord bless you and 
keep you while you always stay in touch with him through prayer. I send you 
my warmest "HELLO" from Germany! smileThis has got to be one of my favorite hymns. The message is so simple and 
good. I love His Church, the members, the gospel, the book of mormon... So 
much love! I love you all! :-DI ABSOLUTELY love the arrangement on this song!!! So LUSH! And I love how 
just simple and childlike the performances are. Very smooth and 
understated. I could watch this movie every day and not get sick of it. 
What would the world be like if we all lived this simple principle??? 
Pretty different, I think.I think this is my favorite arrangement I have EVER heard of this beautiful 
Hymn. Will it be available on itunes? It is so heartfelt and touching - the 
singers, the arrangement - all so perfect for these pictures. Thank you, 
Thank you, Thank you.I've watched this everyday since it came out :)I've been around long and this is the first time that I've heard this 
version; let me know what you find out:)so true budAnyone know where I can download this song?I just found out, the guy is Russ Dixon from the band Colors.The girl is Debra Fotheringham. I don't know the guys name though.I really love this video.. thank you again so muchThank you for this wonderful video.. thank you for all the love and 
support.. I love you all.. when im watching the video i feel the spirit and 
the Love of our Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ for us.. "its right we 
should always love one another.."I love that whenever I feel like I need a pick-me-up and can just watch ANY 
of these videos and I can immediately feel the spirit and I feel comforted. 
Thank you so much!I've never heard this arrangement of the song before--it's beautiful and 
inspiring! With a touching video to match.Do you know who sings that song? It is beautiful!Beautiful video! Thank you! ♥That was an inspiring message. We all should love one another.Great Song and Video! Thanks for sharing.Simply beautiful!!!These make great family home evening lessons! Everyone in my family loves 
them!I'm loving this video!!!! great timing for Valetine's day!! this is what 
true love is!!"by this shall man know, ye are my disciples" love is very telling!This is what I am talking about!!!"Love is the only force that can erase the differences between people" ~ 
Gordon B. HinckleyAnd the Greatest of These Is Love, Ensign, Mar 1984,The shot of Jesus Christ - the greatest example of love and service - at 
the end was perfect.Thanks for the touching reminder:)And the man is Russ Dixon. He used to have a group named Colors. He appears 
on some compilation CDs now--some for Shadow Mountain. He's on a Christmas 
CD of Cherie Call's.thank you :D this video is a beautiful reminderDebra Fotheringham is the woman.I love MormonMessages ! It always makes me cry, and offcours brings Spirit 
into my day !! ))Very cool! I love the music to these videos.