LOVE♡awesome parable﻿like this video God bless﻿I cherish the words of President Dieter F. Uchtdorf. He is such a fine 
speaker and I enjoyed this video along with the parable. Thank you for 
posting Mormon Channel....﻿Pain and lessons learnt makes us STRONGER. Tears allow us to see CLEARER.
I would like to share with everyone of you that "Lose is Win, and Win is 
Lose".
Allow me to explain what I mean by that: What the world sees/ values is 
completely opposite and DIFFERENT from what God sees and values.
The world prioritizes Money, Fame, Status, Pride (looking down on those who 
are not esteem highly by the world), Envy, Jealousy, Covetousness.
But God, and His true believers prioritizes the exact opposite - Loving 
your enemies, Love your neighbor (Family and Friends) as how you love 
Yourself, Help those in need (going through emotional, physical, financial 
difficulties)...
WHAT THE WORLD SEE AS "COOL", JESUS SEES AS "UNCOOL" and vice versa.
The evil one is Powerful. But always remember, JESUS HAS OVERCOME the world.
Love, Faith, Patience, Hope. And Love, is the most powerful of all these 4. 
Keep loving, no matter how difficult it is. Because Love overcome ALL 
things (hatred, envy, uncontentment).
Win is lose, and lose is win. Always rmb, when u lose (accordingly to 
worldly standards/ the world's eyes) you're actually winning in God's eyes. 
and whatever you do in God's eyes will NOT be in vain. Press ON to the 
finish line, the throne. He will be waiting for us there into eternity, to 
live without pain forever and ever.
***Watch this illustration on God's Love: God's Love (A Collection of 
Inspirational Videos)﻿Amazing! Strong! http://goo.gl/UENGKB﻿I love the profetsMy parents were not happy when I became a member of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Ladder Day Saints. I often asked Heavenly Father to soften their 
hearts. Now, they often attend church service with me when I come home from 
college. I am so grateful for Heavenly Father to bless my family. thank you MORMON CHANNEL. eventhough i cant b able to go to church i am 
feeling grateful and full of gratitude when watching all of this video 
provided by TCJCLDS... life changing messages.I wish I wouldn't have watched this video. Ever since I was a child, I have 
this paranoia, if that's the right word, where I strongly feel for people 
like this guy who miss out on things they shouldn't have for whatever 
reason. I think it stems from missing out on a few things I shouldn't have 
as a child, whether they were included and I didn't know (much like this 
man) or by sheer dumb choice (for lack of a better term). I'm going to feel 
bad for this guy and cry for hours now. Thanks. :( :( :(By never watching it again.I used to feel like you. Till I realized that most of the bad that ever 
happened to me was either avoidable, my fault, not as bad as I thought or 
even a blessing in disguise, a valuable life lesson or just part of the 
growing process. So, yes, I hope I can get even with him too.That's to bad Kount. Maybe you should look just a little closer. You might 
see that in reality, your faith DID help you, you just didn't see it at the 
time It may be something you've overlooked. When times are good and things 
are going well, maybe you didn't notice Jesus's and God's hand in it. When 
times are bad and not going well and you feel tribulations and prayed, it 
didn't seem you got an answer. But I'm pretty sure you did. It may not have 
been the answer you were looking 4 is all.i love watching these on sundays after church <3 it makes my sundays 
complete:)Is The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints no Ladder."a humorous parable"?? this story makes me so sad every single time! I know 
I need to hear it though, because I know I am often that man... which is 
probably what makes it so painful.This is me! I can help. I'm excited for you as you investigate the LDS Church. I hope it's going 
well.maggiebell2009 I hope your first time at church was wonderful. Your husband 
will witness the change in your life and seek the same at a time that is 
just right for him.I need the music sheets from this video for piano. Does anyone know where 
to find it?Maggie, I am happy that you have decided to follow your feelings and go to 
church. Don't give up hope on your husband you can be the example he needs 
but be patient and continue in love and the time will come that he will 
follow. Sheryl, I too was raised Catholic and on Aug 12th 1980 I was baptized a 
member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. I can't begin to 
tell you how blessed I have felt ever since that day. I love this gospel it 
has brought the greatest happiness into my life. Keep searching the 
scriptures and praying and that peace you have found will never dissipate, 
it will only grow larger. PattiThat's Wonderful! The Church IS The Restored Church of Jesus Christ..and 
it's So Exciting and Amazing to be a part of it! <3Awesome! <3 Good luck! I'm a convert of just over three years now, and this is the best 
decision I have ever made for myself. My Ward family has been there for me 
through so many trials.i feel bad for that guy..I was married to a wonderful Catholic man, 34 years ago. I became a member 
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints 33 years ago. Hubby is 
still Catholic although he doesn't go to Church. No matter what love your 
husband, treat him like he is the worthy Priesthood holder he may become in 
the Eternities. ♥ Never, ever give up hope. I saw this at the san diego california mission president's fireside this 
night.If you ll keep a journal, after 5,10 or fifteen years of faithfulness in 
the gospel you ll look back and cant help but join millions of other saints 
to bear a humble testimony of what and how this gospel have blessed your 
life and others arround you. remember these keywords patience, tolerance, 
faith, brotherly kindness, forgiveness, dedication. I have passed through 
it and you and other can too. I know its the only true and living church 
upon the surface of the earth. In jesus christ name amenVery profound indeed. So much food for thought and for action. Study it out, and I promise you, you will find truth. Good luck in your 
truth seeking journey. I know the LDS church is true, God be with you young 
man.Great video with a great message. I agree with everyone else who has 
commented urging others to contact the missionaries. You won't regret it.Kevin, I "know" that if you read the Book of Mormon, and have the LDS 
Missionaries teach you, You will know in your heart if the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints is TRUE. I testify to you that it IS true. The 
happiness and direction it provides to my life has been so very comforting.  I've been a convert since 2007, once my wife passed on, i've, totally have 
grown (both in the sperit and temporal) i pray daily, to show my humbleness 
to our father in Heaven, that i have been given a wonderfull church memer 
to wife with me these latter days of our lives, in Jesus Christs name, 
AMEN...My wife was born a Catholic, She joined the church on her 18th Birthday. 
Don't loose faith! Maggie, good luck! I joined 15 years ago and it is the best thing I have 
ever done for myself and my family!!I was born and raised Catholic as well....becoming a member of the LDS has 
changed everything for the better for me as well!I joined 15 years ago...best decision I have ever made for myself and my 
family. Good Luck!You are most welcome, Kevin. Embracing the restored gospel will change your 
life forever. This life is the time for men to prepare to meet God (Alma 
34:32). And there is no better way to do so than to join The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.Best thing I have done in my life, was to join the church and LIVE the 
gospel, raising my family in the gospel is the greatest blessing! I have 
been a member since Feb 14, 1988you can search your whole life long and finding nothing to compare!Good for you! I did 8 yrs ago and have not regretted a single moment. you will lose 10% of your incoming.Most of our beliefs are displayed on this channel. I am glad you 
subscribed, and I hope you find what you are looking for.Such a great reminder. I love this, and I love the Lord! With all my adversity in life and the love of my family and pressing my 
priorities on life has make me so humble and amaze and so happy for the 
wonderful experience of this life and the capacity to do everything through 
Christ the Lord who strengthen us. I wish to be able to make all my family 
members participate of this! I saw this, and it inspired me to partake in more of the great things that 
the Heavenly father has prepared for us, and on the table of Life:))No one should dislike these! They're good quality, but most importantly, 
they speak an important truth.I lobe watching this video all the time.I'm a Catholic but i love this Channel !! Great values, beautiful messages 
and Inspiring videos <3 (: Subbed ! It is amazing how God's words are applicable to all of His children, in any 
situation. I know this is true. I know this is an apostle of the Lord 
speaking. Listen to Christ's words through His apostles and come unto Him 
through His restored gospel and church. mormon.orgIt is amazing how God's words are applicable to all of His children, in any 
situation.Powerfull President Urchtdrof! Powerfull... The real teachings of a real 
Servent of The Lord.When I clicked on this, I thought I would be amazed at the parable. It's 
safe to say that while the message may be amazing, the parable fell far 
below its privileged status.Do it to it, brother!!! Add me on facebook. :) -Alexander DaytonLove it! It's the Plan of Happiness--God's plan for us!The LDS church will change your live. The gospel is an amazing thing and 
something you will cherish for the rest of your life. It will be hard to 
imagine what your life had been like without it. Go for it mate. I investigated the church 8 years ago, and decided to join 
after over a year of study and learning. Best decision of my life. Daniel awesome brother will be glad to have you it will change your life as it did 
for meI just got back from EFY, ahh how the gospel is always filled with surprise 
even though you know about it. You can never get bored of the same gospel 
of Christ over and over again... Yay for EFY Melbourne 2013!!!Hey Kevin, I'm a convert of 13 years and I can't tell you how much the 
gospel has changed my life. It really is a beautiful thing to be able to 
live with joy and peace in your heart. I wish you the best in your 
endeavor. Hit me up if you have any questions what so ever! Your friend in 
South Texas. :) Im so glad that you are considering joining the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints. Talk to the missionaries in your area. They can answer 
your questions. Also, check out mormon.org. It will give further 
information. I love the family values that the church subscribes to too. I 
also love how it helps me to be more Christ like. Let us know how things 
go. Just call your local LDS meetinghouse and ask for the missionaries to come 
and talk with you. You will NEVER regret it. I was very doubtful, but I 
have never looked back, and have loved my life so much more since joining. 
Keep me posted?Pray to know if it's the right thing to do : )I was born and raised with the Catholic faith. I recently became a member 
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Ladder Day Saints and I have never felt so 
close to Heavenly Father than I do now. I hope you have met with the 
missionaries in your area...if not, you should. They have so much they can 
share. This is a awesome video for all of us...we must make wise decisions in life 
to make us happy and joyful through keeping the commandments of God...that's good Kevin Chagnot, you'll have no regret of that desire... Love the guy's expression at the end when he finds out the truth o_0 I will 
remember this.It's absolutely worth it Kevin.Elder Holland gave a great quote about this during the last (Oct) GC: "To 
those who were once with us but have retreated, preferring to pick and 
choose a few cultural hors d’oeuvres from the smorgasbord of the 
Restoration and leave the rest of the feast, I say that I fear you face a 
lot of long nights and empty nets." (The First Great Commandment)My Dad felt the same way, but, sadly, the "happiness" didn't last and, 
eventually, it simply wasn't enough. He spent the last few years of life 
searching for that which he could never find outside of the faith he had 
abandoned. Beware a path that leads away from the light of the gospel, as 
such paths usually glorify self-indulgance and lead almost inexorably 
toward future misery.I've been a convert from 1984 when I was in my 20s. I have never regretted 
being a member of this world wide Church. Contact the missionaries who are 
near you! You will never regret it! awsome man!It's the best decision I ever made in my life! I was baptized at BYU 
Hawaii, when I used to come to Hawaii to surf. Met my wife there, got 
baptized. 15 years have passed, and I'm so grateful for my decision!that's wonderful if you have any questions let me know I am a Latter Day 
Saint :)This says humorous but it makes me so sad...To be sure we can view the scriptures, like the proverbial cup of water, as 
half empty. Yet we can also view it as half full. Some prophets led their 
people to live amazing lives--even if that prophet ended up giving up their 
life for what they believed in. I respect people with values willing to 
stand up for them. This video is about our potential for joy in God's glory - so much more 
than we realize and take advantage of. Life isn't all about us but God 
cares all about us and wants more than anything for us to have a fullness 
of joy, peace, and love (John 3:16; 2 Ne 2:25). His servants on the earth - 
including prophets - have all felt that joy of serving Him and He wants us 
to feel it too.Beautiful! Have any of you actually read the prophets? They're depressed, beaten, 
killed and mocked. The bible isn't about us, it's about God's glory and our 
joy in God's glory. Your in carful reading and ignoring of the scriptures 
will get you in a lot of trouble. " There is a way that seems right to men, 
and in the end leads to distraction."Awesome kevin!! I feel so blessed for having the Gospel in my life. I've met so many 
awesome people; the Gospel of Jesus Christ plus those amazing examples in 
my life, have helped me to realize how big is our potential. I know many 
people has never been delighted by the example of a true disciple of the 
Lord. I hope everybody would be able to have that opportunity. There's a 
big necessity righteousness.This was an excellent reminder, my soul was feeling tight and watching this 
video reminded me to be more optimist and to do my best to enjoy the 
privilege of having this new day. mormon.org my friend. 