Thank you Jesus for every thing﻿Jesus is God in the Flesh.  Only God Almighty can forgives sins and heal.  
John 8:24  "I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for 
if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins".﻿Thank you Jesus for everything and forgive us for our sins﻿this made me cry﻿I pray that God help us!﻿Beautifully done﻿When I was in the hospital Jesus Christ was the one who healed me In 
everything In God we trust In Jesus we trust. I am seven and I know those 
two people are the ones we can truly trust﻿This scene remembers to the movie 
Son of god. I was blind but now i see
Everything is possible 
Using 
pray
Faith 
Peace
Work

﻿I love Him so much. I just want to be with Him already to give him a hug. ❤️
He's changed myself and my life. He's healed me from anxiety and 
depression. Thanks to Our loving God, Jesus Christ. 🙏 ﻿This video is wonderful. 
Also shows the great patience Jesus Christ had for those who did hate him. 
How can somebody see a miracle in front of his eyes and not believe on him?﻿A true love He give for each of us... powerful!yes he did.... he was giving us a examples!!! and choosing to talk to the 
father!One dose not see the son of God through power,,, for even the devil will 
display power..... One shall Christ as the son of God by knowing his soul 
and his teachings,,, There for why do you say Know the Son of God by 
power?? other wise what would be the point of the gospels? Are you seeking 
the path of power and not righteousness?? Indeed May God help us!What's the name of this movie????? i want to know it....!!!!JESUS HAS EXHIBITED HIS DIVINE POWER BY HEALING A PARALYTIC PERSON BROUGHT 
BY DISCIPLES.BY THIS EVERYBODY SHOULD KNOW THAT HE IS SON OF GOD, VESTED 
WITH DIVINE POWERS LIKE HEALING, FORGIVING,Etc.FOUR DISCIPLES STANDS FOR 
CHURCH AS PER ACTS2=42.BELIEVERS MUST HAVE BURDEN OF LOSING SOULS. ,WE 
SHOULD PRAY FOR THEM,AND BRING THEM TO JESUS.LET US DO LIKE THAT.MAY GOD 
HELP US. Yes in the Koran the angel Gabriel tells that the scriptures that the Jews 
and the Christians have are true. That the true followers should "do good" 
no less than 99 times it is written in the Koran. So it has been written 
and so it should be done to all people- do good! It is good for "all" even 
Jesus to pray to the father of "all" who is in heaven. By this Jesus set a 
good example! Do so like wise - good.i love when he gave him a hug i can't wait to hug Jesus again '"Who can forgive sins but God only" always a protestant terms, as it was in 
the beginning so it was today, people will always protest the sole 
authority of the church to forgive sins(absolution) just like they did to 
Jesus the head of the church. There's always someone that questions the work of The LordJesus has authority to forgive sins. Thank you JesusI read somewhere that Jesus prayed to God? man i love me some jesus, he was such an amazing person that he saved the 
world from danger two thousand years ago and is doing so still today.The Pharisees were thinking those things instead of saying them, but they 
speak them in the video so then we can know about it. It's impressive that 
Jesus was so sensitive that He could tell the thoughts of their hearts. Amazingum no true pleasure is caused by he who is in need of pleasure not 
generated by some magical being who grants us it. for example you get 
pleasure from eating something you like which makes you want to eat more of 
it-doing this keeps you alive its nature instinct. if 'God and Jesus' gave 
us pleasure were they see fit than what is life worth living for. if you 
cant have try pleasure away from gods choices than life would be terrible 
and i for one wouldn't like to live in that world I teared up when he gave him a hug. :') I also liked how his friends just 
dropped the ropes down---They had faith that he wouldn't need to be lifted 
back up.The hug at the end was my favorite. I could not imagine how magnificent 
that felt for the first person to hug...the Master. This teaching from Jesus goes beyond first hand understanding. One of my 
favorites!Los milagros de sanación. :-)Jesus is Our SAVIOUR and MASTER ...Spectacular. The music in this one is really cool, and the just the whole 
delivery is great.As an actor playing the scribe in this video, I found it moving to 
experience this Biblical story from both the inside and outside. It was a 
physically difficult shoot with high heat, numerous flies, and dust from 
the straw so thick the actor playing Jesus wore an industrial dust mask 
between takes. Seeing the final cut, I am taken with and touched by the 
spirit of this story. There is a loving presence in this work that goes 
beyond art and shares a feeling of the original gift of love. My living Savior, I love Him. <3Amen! God and Jesus together breath the wonderful life into us and save our 
souls! :-)This video presents important teachings of Jesus Christ. See the care He 
has for all men? Even to the most sick and disabled He speaks with care and 
love. This applies to all, for even as Christ did to this man, can He do to 
all the children of men, both physically and spiritually. Yet, we read that 
many will reject Him, for He said, "How oft would I have gathered you as a 
hen gathereth her chickens, and ye would not.'I play the scribe who questions Jesus.wonderfulIt's always impressed me how much He cares. He knows full well that this 
man's illness is only for this life, but He saw fit to heal his afflictions 
then and there to testify of His own divinity and to ease the man's pain. 
He truly loves us. Jesus is the Christ the Savior of the world. We his children here on this 
Earth are blessed to have a Father in heaven that loves us enough to put in 
place a plan of redemption through his son Jesus Christ. The world is a 
scary place with a host of temptations urging us to partake in an attempt 
to instantly gratify our pleasures. But the only true and lasting pleasure 
isn't instantanious, but only obtained by meekness, patience,long 
suffering, Get to know Him! Then you will KNOW pleasure! Only Jesus Christ. do wonders if you trust him .... and you really loveJesus is the Christ! The church is true! I too, was deeply touched by this dramatization of what the Savior did. 
This man needed no words, for his actions spoke it all. It only reenforced 
my Love for our Savior, and that it helped in remembering my testimony to 
and of, Him.Thank you for this video. Made me cry. It is so wonderful to me that the 
the Savior embraced the man. It shows me that he really does love us all, 
and makes me want to be a better daughter of God so I can have a better 
relationship with our brother Jesus Christ.I was deeply touched when the man stood... it was like he had no words to 
express his deep gratitude, all he could do was hug the Savior. Jesus 
Christ is truely our Savior.Amazing beautiful. I got chills. Jesus is the Christ of us all he loves us all!Thanks for the upload!Thank you. That was really good.