it is a great choir and an amazing organ don't say you' re only a trumpeters; but it is a blessings that you are one 
of them to help the choire sing like an angel...GOD BLESS you such kind of 
talent,take care of it...HAPPY NEW YR... ! WONDERFUL ! FULL OF THE SPIRIT AFTER WATCHING THIS. THANK YOU TO ALL. 
CONTINUE MAKING A DIFFERENCE, IT WORKS.GLORY GOD ... THE FATHER OF EVERYTHING IN ALL RELIGIONS AND LENGUAGESA fantastic end to what was a fantastic concert! To those that wish to talk 
about Mormon Doctrine, good and bad here - this is not the place for such 
discussion. This is about the music....It has been an honor to be able to be in this concert. although I was only 
one of the Trumpeters (not orchestra). it was truly inspiring to be a part 
of this, And i will never forget it. (btw if you want to know where i was i 
was at the upper left on the stage near the choir because i came in at the 
second half of this song.)Angels we have heard on high is actually different. You can look at the 
lyrics.I wish my church had such a choir. Such an incredible organ. But this is not Angels from the Realms of Glory - it is Angels We Have 
Heard on High. Whatever its call, this is beautifulnever knew Russell Crowe could singupload children's songs. please only missing this songs, to complete the 
Mormon channel or if there is a place with them please give me the link opinion. That is your God given right to think and believe as you wish. I 
don't like being told what I believe and I will put the record straight as 
to what I really believe. Hostility and being argumentative and wanting to 
pick fights isn't how the Savior would approach things and that's not how I 
wish to respond. Again if you wish to talk to me its fine if not that's ok. 
I wish you the very best and God bless you.@Silver1Sprg Jesus Christ IS my Savior. I'm not sure where you got your 
information from because I don't believe Joseph Smith will judge us and I 
don't put him above the Savior. But I believe He was a great man. I don't 
want to get in a big debate with you over comments or anything so if you 
wish to email me and if you really want to know what I believe you can talk 
to me personally if you like. You can believe what you want and say what 
you want you are completely entitled to youMay our love for our Savior and what He did for us be what unite us and not 
what divides us. We have that common goal to be like Him to be perfected in 
Him. "To Love our Neighbors as ourselves." Let's not find fault with each 
other but seek to uplift and edify each other even in our differences.So find out for yourself from the right source if you really want to know 
what we believe. I don't wish to cause contention or to force my religion 
on anyone. This church is a source of happiness and strength in my life and 
like any Latter Day Saint we only wish to share that happiness that the 
knowledge and the peace that comes from our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. 
God Bless and Keep you all of my brothers and sisters from whatever faith 
and denomination you may be from. to show us, that God is, not was, that he speaketh not spake... The need 
for was never greater of new revelation than now." - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Find out for yourself what we believe than do what James 1:5 directs "If 
any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men 
liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him." A beautiful 
promise from the Bible. And in our own doctrine D&C 50:23 "And that which 
doth not edify is not of God and is darkness."If there were Prophets and Apostles on the Earth in the time of our Savior 
and for long before and if God is the same yesterday, today and forever why 
wouldn't there be Apostles and Prophets on the earth today? Why wouldn't 
the Lord chose servants like Moses and Noah and other great Prophets to 
speak to, to lead and guide us in this crazy world today? "Men have to come 
to speak of revelation as long ago given and done, as if God were dead. It 
is the office of a true teacher@Silver1Sprg How do you know it doesn't coincide with the Bible? Have you 
once studied our doctrine for yourself? People make assumptions about the 
LDS church and go to other sources instead of this church how do you know 
what we believe? We believe the Bible to be the word of God and that the 
Book of Mormon is another Testament of Jesus Christ. We put the books hand 
in hand to read and study from. We believe in Jesus Christ. Incredible. Grateful that beautiful entertainment is still produced even 
today, that is enlightening, and draws us closer to God, What a blessing to 
share with the whole world. I recently watched a video similar to this by 
the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, while in Africa, and felt the tears of 
gratitude from many on that continent because these people were willing to 
share their talents. Thank you. Que gran Espíritu!!!!! Beautiful!