I love Jesus I god bless you Jesus﻿i shall Lord﻿that's true I'm a Muslim but Jesus knows what he is doing god gave the 
right choice to give Jesus powers to help people he may be a Christian but 
he makes miracles☺I also know a heart but Jesus has a wonderful heart of a 
miracle god ❤him Jesus vote yes or no if you liked what I said﻿God bless﻿Jesus showing mercy towards a lady who was looked down in society and 
judged becoz of her sins. Just because someone sins differently to you does 
not mean they are better than you. The problem with most of us is we quick 
to point out other people's sins and forget to look within ourselves. I 
love Jesus and even today he still shows mercy towards repented sinners!.﻿god is have unconditionaly love﻿I have felt the healing power of the Lords merciful love as I sort for 
forgiveness of my sins......I Love Him, I Love my Heavenly Father﻿Amen!﻿let go and let God﻿I plan to download all of these short videos about Jesus and make me a 
playlist.I don't care how long it takes me..This is awesome!﻿he is only merciful lord﻿Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom 
of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.﻿Jesus does not say in this scripture that He forgives this woman for her 
sins. He tells her that He does not punish her by stoning. He tells her to 
not sin again. That is all. Forgiveness only comes to those who believe 
Jesus is the Son of God and Savior, that repent, are baptized in His name, 
keep His commandments, and endure to the end. Forgiveness comes with a 
price. Then His grace saves us.﻿dude, this is cool﻿This is one of my favorite stories in the bible it basically shows that god 
is all about love and forgiveness and even when other people think that you 
are the worst kind of people in gods eyes you are still his child that he 
loves and forgives. ﻿I wish that we could all have this attitude- Christ is about forgiveness- 
Christ is the solution﻿If Jesus can forgive our sins why not repent it?﻿He is very smart ﻿What about the guy with whom this lady was committing adultery with? Where 
is he? And why didn't the Pharisees condemn him also? Every time I hear 
this story I can't help but wonder. ﻿From which movie is this?﻿They would but they couldn't. He could but he wouldn't. This is our Lord. Yes, my thought also was that maybe it just wasn't found in those scripts. 
Maybe it was passed down and recorded later. Either way, I remember a 
pastor of a local congregation of another faith telling us this while I was 
serving my mission several years ago. That was the first time I'd heard 
mention of such an idea. I've always wondered about it since.AmazingI love the music in the background as Jesus talks to her.. so beautiful.. 
the story is amazing, too, but the music adds to the dramatic scene...This parable is a good example for grace versus law. As per law, nobody 
eligible to be treated as righteous[ Romans3=23] and Gal 2=16.That is why, 
Jesus came to pay penalty for our sins[pro.16=6] .Hence he is empowered to 
forgive sins.After forgiveness, we should not commit sin and live new 
life.May GOD help us to live new transformed life. una mis escrituras favorita , no porque sea mujer o por lo que ella hiso , 
sino por la invitacion que le hiso Jesus a ella y a nosotros , esa 
invitacion llena de esperanza , amor, compasion , bondad , el se sacrifico 
y solo nos dijo : vete y no peques mas !!!Simply because something is not found in the oldest of the old does not 
make it fictional. If you are seeking only the most ancient wisdom, then 
you are missing out on more than you can imagine.I find it so sad that this tale is not to be found in the earliest 
manuscripts :( It would have been awesome if this was authentic. What Jesus was writing on the ground was their secret sins what Nobody else 
knew He Knew. That is why the Pharisees walked away. Four words come to mind.. Mercy, love, grace, forgiveness.where art thou compassion in thine heart? does thou preserveth thine 
compassion to whom thou deem worthy of it? accuse not, leaveth it upon thy 
lordHe wants to forgive =). Our actions and/or the intentions to change of our 
heart may impede us from receiving his forgiveness and blessing. Did you know what He was written in the floor when they bring the woman to 
Him, that is why they didn't do nothing to the woman, look at what He wrote 
in the dirt, Leviticus 20:10, He knew it was a trick, and they knew that 
they was lying to Jesus, that is why, they so what He wrote on the ground. 
So where is the MAN if she was cut in the act. powerfulAccording to the Law (Torah), to accuse someone of breaking the Law, there 
must be 2 witnesses. If you falsely accuse somebody of breaking the Law, 
then you will receive that punishment the accused was to receive. In this 
case the punishment for adultery was death by stoning. What did Jesus 
Christ write in the sand? Where were the 2 witnesses to testify against the 
woman? When Jesus challenged them, they retreated because they knew they 
had falsely accused the woman. There were not 2 witnesses.wow Im sorry you feel that way. Please dont give up. Visit your Bishop 
often. In time you will get the peace you want. Your Bishop would be a good place for you to turn for guided assistance... 
I know the Lord will forgive you if you truly repent but you have to 
forgive yourself also.. Sometimes that takes time.Do you believe that if you commit Adultery you can be cast out and never 
have the spirit again even after you have done everything possible to 
repent and go through the proper priesthood authority? If you say no than 
you are not going through what I am going through..I am possessed and 
cannot get rid of the spirit through priesthood blessings. If you can shed 
some light I would be grateful.Keyword "Christian", They say he's a nice guy, so maybe he tries to be 
Christian.This is great, what a blessing. I love how you are true to the text. I am 
not a Morman however," 39. But Jesus said, Forbid him not: for there is no 
man which shall do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me. 
40 For he that is not against us is on our part." well my mom makes me watch these soooooooooo and i don't know who ...c... 
nvm...im watching it....well, he did say who is "among you" excluding himselfOne thing I learned this past Sunday at church (mothers day) was that 
calling someone "woman" was great praise. Almost like calling her queen. He 
called Mary "woman" after being resurrected. It shows me that although we 
al make mistakes we are all still children of our Father in Heaven and have 
the potential to be like him if we repent and come unto him.Yes to Judge Righteously, not the individual but the sin. We often confuse 
judging the behavior of a person with judging the person. If there was no 
Law then there would be no choice, hence nothing to Judge.however there is 
a Law, Gods Law.i totally thought that haha,Here you are, judging unrighteously. There is no hint at all in the 
scriptures that the scene may have been created to trap the Saviour. From 
all indications it was a real "caught in the very act" opportunity that 
they planned to use against the Lord. Let's not add speculations to the 
revealed word.The great declaration that comes after forgiveness is ... Go and sin no 
more!Never to judge someone because you just feel greater than them.Love it! Yes! He totally does! :-DA powerful Message, Truly There Is none like Him. (Thank God for Jesus) 
People now judge and condemn someone easily without haste. Is it not for 
God to judge? Sooo realistic. Brought tears to my eyes, as such an emotional moment in 
time.i love jesusAmen!Who is Jesus? I know how that women feels as we have all felt that way at some point or 
other in our life, like we don't deserve his forgivence. I do continualy 
try to become better than what I am but every now and then I fall into 
temptation but I do pick myself up again and try harder not fall into 
temptation. I just pray that Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ will forgive 
me.My Grandpa's in there!These are eye opening, heart warming videos...God bless all on earth & in 
heaven...AMEN!this video is really touching. it made me think about the times i judged 
people."Neither do I condemn thee..." <3Hi could someone provide me the words in the video? I will use the video in 
my presentation and i need to put subs on it for better understanding, 
however i really can't understand all the lines. I really need it. Your 
help would be great. Thanks in advance.I, like the woman in this video, have been accused and scorned. Even my own 
children have forsaken me, yet, these experiences which once held me in 
such darkness brought me to my Savior's feet. His all-accepting and 
unconditional love took my broken but willing heart and filled it with 
peace. 