I myself am a mormon and I saw this with tears in my eyes. The reaction of 
the wife when David admitted this just made me really sad. I thank God that 
he recovered from this horrible addiction, and I hope we can follow his 
example.﻿what is the name of the song in this video. It's amazing. Can I get it 
somewhere?﻿Powerful story. Thanks, David, for sharing.﻿Thanks David. Addictions hurt anyone involved. In the long run, it is worth 
it to break away from horrible actions that cause harm. Keep Strong in the 
Lord!﻿Wow. David, your courage in telling your story publicly is amazing and I 
could never do something like that. Thank you. The Lord can truely mend our 
lives after addiction and sin destroys them.﻿David, I pray for you and your family's happiness. Thank you for this 
beautiful humbling video.﻿+Simon Race﻿good job Simon Race﻿He doesn't want to make us into the people that we can become, He wants to 
make us the people we always were.﻿Know that you're helping millions of people with your story﻿Thank you for your honesty, David.﻿David, thank you for sharing this inspirational story. It takes an 
incredibly brave person to share a story this personal with millions of 
viewers. I hope that you know what a blessing you have been to those of us 
who watch this video.﻿Please tell me you and your wife are still together!﻿This is very good video. I'm still struggling. But sex addiction is worse 
than pornography addiction. I wish one of these videos was about 
pornography addiction. This truly is the scourge of our day!! I hope we 
will seek to combat this problem.﻿This is just so powerful. beautifully done!﻿I am truly grateful that these stories are so real, with ZERO sugar 
coating. Anything else would have been mocking families who have 
experienced addiction. It destroys our freedoms. Thank you David.﻿Lights will guiiide you home...:)﻿This was Amazing, it seems so small but is truly an addiction that can 
consume you , thank you for sharing.﻿I have been addicted to these things since 1986 and around 1999 I started 
actively and seriously to get rid of it. So the painful journey has more or 
less lasted through all these years, through mission, temple marriage, 
establishing family and so-on. Even though since 1999 I have had the 
bishops always on track on what's going on, we have not had success in 
removing it. We had tried every program on earth, beneath and above, 
nothing had worked, even a program similar to this they are currently 
running.

Less than a year ago I found out a way to tackle this problem. Finally 
something that actually brought results. I am not going about shouting too 
much aloud that I'm free! I never will be free of the problem, but I wish I 
can be clean from sin from now on.

I suppose it first started with a long perioid of education and realization 
about the state of the world. That came by accident. Next, a friend of mine 
introduced me to the gospel solution to those problems. I'm talking about 
the prophecies of the latter days of which part of it I was somewhat aware 
of, but somehow the current prophets keep it under radar for some reason. I 
had to go and study the texts of Joseph Smith, John Taylor, McConkie, 
Benson, Young etc. Suddenly I woke up understanding that I am living in the 
middle of those prophecies and I have been privileged to take part of it. 
Now I had a desperate motivation to stop what I had been doing immediately, 
because the time is simply running out for mankind and me. I do not claim 
to know the future, but those were my feelings. The first stretch took 
naturally a month or two when I was so blessed and filled with the spirit, 
eagerly studying more of the words of those prophets, that I had lost my 
desire to sin. It was easy. Then came the real perioid of test. That what I 
had experienced was just the fruits of a conversion I had never experienced 
before. Days went by that I had forgotten I had had this problem.

Soon came the days of trials. I didn't do anything to make me come down 
from that spiritual high, but I was blessed by an lds author whose texts 
told me those days that this kind of drop will come, and I should not blame 
myself about it. It came through a series of illness, family illness, 
economical problems, marriage difficulties, sudden unemployment and so-on. 
I found out that these are things that belong to this life which is a 
probationary state. During those days I fell back to my sins several times, 
but over all I found a pattern and a way to draw on me the power of the 
atonement, which made my stretchs longer each time. I can discern where I 
am just about going in the process by the overall increasing spirit. 

I have had to cut off many limbs and pluck out many eyes to make it to this 
point. I have had to quit many hobbies and replace them with increased 
scripture study and service. Things like, certaing kind of music, games, 
movies. I discovered that every time I slipped and was carried away on 
those things they immediately took me also back to my pornography 
addiction. I can only explain this on man's constant dependance on the 
companionship of the spirit. I have learned, through sad experience, how 
sensitive and easily offended the spirit can be. Plus he requires of you 
constant growth. Once you commit yourself fully to the Lord, boy I tell 
you, your troubles will constantly incline. I hope I'm not saying this to 
discourage anyone, but simply to state the reality of the matter. This is 
what we are here for, so embrace it and fight through it. Your joys of life 
will come in terms of personal growth and the more ferquent companionship 
of the spirit, until the promise can be fulfilled. Without the spirit I 
can't fight the problem of pornography. Today I feel grateful for having 
this "sure indicator" of spiritual state, which is the easy slip towards 
pornography. Without this weakness I probably would have settled for less 
spirit in my life and think I could not have been saved in that state.﻿I don't even know where to begin to express what I'm feeling. Gratitude for 
this program. Sadness that it didn't come sooner to enlighten our local 
leaders to the devastation of this addiction so it could help our family. 
Hopefulness for the help so many families will receive through the 
utilization of the recovery program. Joy that my children and I can receive 
closure for the affect this addiction had on our family. Peaceful for being 
able to forgive despite not having had the gift of restitution. Reinforced 
that anyone can heal through the Atonement of Christ and the loving 
kindness of our Heavenly Father. Sorrow for the individuals that haven't 
felt a desire for change despite losing their families. I prayed for a 
program like this for decades. I'm feeling so blessed and my heart is happy 
for this beautiful answer. Thank you , David, for your courage, to know you 
needed help, act on that courage and stop the deception.﻿The Coldplay song is "fix you". An amazing song!﻿I think that this is the scariest step in the addiction recovery process. 
It's terrifying to admit that you've lost all control. That's not to say 
that the other 11 steps are easy, but it's definitely a major obstacle to 
overcome.﻿Does anyone know what the song on here is called?﻿alguien sabe si estos videos estan disponibles en otro lenguaje, ya los 
busque pero no m aparecen y los subtitulos estan solo en ingles﻿The song is Fix you, from British group, Coldplay.﻿Pornography/sex addiction is the drug of choice for many LDS people. It is 
readily available, free in many cases, and you think you can hide it 
easily.﻿Thank you for your courage David and honesty, truly an inspiring and eye 
opening message for everyone whether you struggle with addiction or not.﻿I love it that a Coldplay song helped him in the repentance process! Chris 
Martin should be proud! :-D﻿This is so beautiful. The church is true, and the Gospel is eternal truth! 
I'm blessed to be apart of this wonderful church.﻿More people need to watch this, addicts or not. Everybody should have 
knowledge of what addiction is in order to prevent it, break away from it, 
and help others to do the same.﻿I think this video is spot on. Sounds like many feel it is too strong and 
may scare others with the same addiction from coming forward. I feel it 
fits Step 1, "Honesty", perfectly. It IS scary to admit our addictions and 
sins. The consequences are never light, unless you tiptoe around honesty as 
he originally did and think you can do it on your own. Oh, how many times 
I've done that in life, only to carry the burden for years after I had 
moved on with life. Inevitably, honesty always brings relief and hope, even 
if the projected consequence feels scary. I think they did great portraying 
a bishop with his arm around him, and it was very appropriate to show his 
wife upset, but included the fact that they are still working together and 
progressing with hope together, even though it wasn't easy after his 
confession. I also don't feel the opening clip with the mistress in bed was 
too scandalous; the woman was barely noticeable. In a video portraying sex 
addiction, I think it was just as appropriate as seeing his eyes filled 
with light of despair as he looked at porn on the monitor. The Church is 
doing good to shed our culture of portraying an image of perfect and to 
open up the doors warmly to all who seek to come in. The release of this 
series of videos proves that. It's time that we recognize real issues so we 
can relate to one another, member or not. These videos are not just for 
members of the Church, but for anyone seeking hope. This video about 
"Honesty" is honest.﻿That was fantastic and totally real. As a therapist that has been working 
with Sex addicts this video totally nails it!!! Well done! And thank you to 
the man who was willing to shatter the darkness and bring light and truth 
to this issue!﻿This is seriously the most raw and real video series the church has ever 
done. Well done and so inspiring for ANYONE!!! We need more videos like 
this!﻿You are a Brave man, thanks for sharing!﻿I love the score. Does anyone know who wrote and performs the score?﻿Powerful message. We all suffer from addictions in some form or another as 
mortals. These messages are beneficial for us all!﻿Wonderful and beautiful testimony!﻿David, thanks for your honesty. May the Lord continue to bless and keep 
you.﻿Better to prepare and prevent than repair and repent.﻿The Lord is powerful. One of the greatest safeguards against temptation is 
family. Stay close to your family. Strengthen them and do activities with 
them. Satan tries to pluck out each member and make them fail. He is 
powerless when a family is firmly united under faith and love.﻿Oh please, could you make some videos and helps for children/young teens 
who are going through this addiction?!  How do you treat it differently?  
Because addiction is absolutely real for them too.  But it's quite 
different how they see life than when you're an adult.  I'm so inspired by 
this series of video helps, I think a "younger" version would be immensely 
helpful!!﻿Thank you, David.﻿I found the song in the backgroud here:

https://soundcloud.com/a-taylor/oh-my-soul﻿I had tears in my eyes. I m so Happy that Mormon channel has took this 
step. It helps so many souls. I was addicted to porn as well and I have 
recovered from it. That feeling is awesome and yes, honesty was extremely 
important. I was honest with my Father in Heaven, with myself and with the 
Church Leaders. Thank you so much making these videos.﻿I LOVE this! Thank you @Mormon Channel for making and sharing these videos. 
I know we can all benefit from the steps taught in this program whether 
it's with strong addictions or small tendencies. We all must learn to turn 
our life over to the Lord to become more like him!﻿The reference to Coldplay's 'Fix you' and the background by Coldplay were 
perfect for this powerful video. I'm a 70's classic rock guy but love 
Coldplay and now I know why.﻿Coldplay brings the Spirit. 👍🏽﻿What Cold play song is this?﻿This may be one the most prevalent addiction (if not most prevalent) within 
the church that goes unnoticed by many. Incredibly powerful video and 
testimony of having the courage to choose the right course, even if that 
means not knowing exactly how all of the other pieces will fall into place. 

Thank you for sharing this incredibly personal story and struggle in the 
hopes of providing hope for others who may find themselves in a similar 
position.﻿Awesome! Change fueled by Coldplay lyrics :). I love that song!﻿This is fantastic. BTW, does anybody know the song in this video?﻿Thank you.﻿This is so powerful. I know it will help many people. Are we encouraged to 
share these one day at a time, now..? Or beginning September 1st?﻿