I love this﻿I am so glad they included the scene where the little boy was back arching 
out of his stroller! Elder Holland. You always inspire me of your messages.That was moving! I know what my divine role will become, how beautiful and 
wonderful! much needed today!parece ser lindo,pena q n entendo,creio q seja uma oracao entao,amemThanks!Love this one video it's my fvI know it is always about the women and the fathers can be misstreated, can 
be accused, cheated on, be put behind the children or do not get to see the 
children at all... This is widely accepted with in the church as well... 
The only thing that they are good for is work, work, work and some more to 
pay after everything is broken... who gets the right???lets pray for al the alone mothers and for al the family that struggel ! 
pray for them in the name of the lord ! i am not a mom yet but it syill touched me ALOT(:Being a mother has been an honor to my life. That was beautiful! I know those guys! You are awesome!! Thank you for 
inspiring me:)Amen. Happy Mother's Day Mom!<3 thank you! Doing the best we can at being mothers can give us a perfect brightness of 
hope- I love that.i am a muslim but i really like your affection and love to God and Jesusthis is great and inspiring video showing how hard being a parents, knowing 
that parenthood is like having working with God and loving and caring the 
child given to us is something we could called a heavenly job... much of it 
I appreciate and respect all the thoughts in this video regardless the 
belief of the speaker .thanks for sharing this. You don't have to be Mormon to appreciate the beauty of this message!No matter what your religion, this is a beautiful, powerful video. 
Motherhood is a holy thing. It is not glamorous work but is is glorious 
work. I cherish being a loved wife and mother sooo much more than my 
academic degrees, any vacation I've been on or wanted to go on, any 
compliment I've ever received. This. is. what. it's. all. about.I am a baptist and I realy like this, I am going to faviort this Video so 
if I ever feel like I cant do it( I have a special needs child) I will come 
back to this Video and watch it again and again to help me feel better.I love Elder Holland's talks... I am crying right now. If it were not for 
my mother, who has followed so fully and completely the gospel and all of 
God's commandments, I would not be the person I am. I hope to emulate her, 
and cannot wait to take on this responsibility for myself.@pandora1771 , here is another Mormon Message on fathers, search for Mormon 
messages fathehood, it is a called a father indeed.I thank Elder Holland for this beautiful message to mothers. It has blessed 
my life so much. It wouldn't hurt for me to hear it everyday!@whartonnumber1 go to lds.org and, then general conference, select topic: 
Parenthood. there is a great talk on parenting teenagers. its called 
couragous parenting i forget who the speaker is, but its good. Not as 
uplifting as this one, but still good. trying to find the link, but my 
internet is being so slow.Can't wait to be a momma.I wish they'd do one showing mothers of teenagers. I need reinforment at 
that age! (There's less sweet moments to make up for the rotten ones like 
you have when they are little.)@alanarns i think when Joseph Smith was translating the Book of Mormon, 
when he found a passage that seemed similar to what he'd read in the bible, 
maybe he got out his Bible and compared the words and read it, as far as it 
was saying the same thing is what he found written on the gold plates. Or 
the passages that looked similar he recalled from his memory, from his 
bible reading. (BUT what does this have to do with MOTHERHOOD!? ) Hope my 
answer gave some clarification anyway :) @ShangTsungBeta Oh how His children may not know His face here in 
mortality, but how much joy it brings to my heart when they still, through 
all the noise, have the sense in their hearts to still recognize His voice. 
My dear friend, look for these things, and ask Him if they are not His 
words in the name of His Son, and He shall make it manifest unto you that 
they are true, and that He does love you.motherhood is an eternal calling, i know:)Thank you brother Holland, I needed it.I watch this on the hard days and then I feel strengthened. I am not alone!It makes me so thankful for my wife and my mother. I know they were sent 
from a loving Heavenly Father to help me and my children return to his 
presence. If they weren't there for us, I don't know that we would make it 
through this life. They are the exemplars of what Jesus Christ is and wants 
us to be.@ShangTsungBeta God belives in you! May you find each other....Thank you Elder Holland. My sister lives in another country and I can't be 
a support to her and her little ones as much as i would like to. I have 
sent her this today and I know she will feel valued and appreciated more 
today because of this Mormon message. Keep up the good work Mormons.This brings a peace to my heart that is needed at the end of a lot of days. 
Just proof that our heavenly Father knows us and our needs at all times and 
gives peace when it is needed. I am so grateful for my Mother. My Mother Stated " All I ever wanted was 
someone to LOVE." Well! I too am grateful for my own too love- they are my 
blessing- my love, my hope and my journey! I hope they know I am grateful 
and honored to be their Mother. May your journey be filled with hope and 
the knowledge of entrustment. " That they can do it and will make a 
difference to and in this World!" Each Child is a treasure! Better than all 
the Gold in the World!I love this... thank you for making captions as an option. I am deaf and I 
really appreciate to be able to understand this clip. I feel comforted that 
God is watchful of us.@forrestc4960 learn from yuor mistakes daughter of the most high. Dwell not 
on the past but concentrate how you will make it better in the future. "The 
past is behind, learn form it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The 
present is here, live in it." Thomas s MonsonI love this video...but it has caused me to struggle to find a way to atone 
for my failures as a mother....and this struggle sometimes leads me to such 
despair. I know I will gain forgiveness...God knows- I can absolutely relate to this on a very daily basis. It is not 
cliche- truly the hardest, most rewarding work that can be done. Does anyone know if there's a link that has the full video of this 
particular conference address?I must watch this every morning before I begin a long day with my 3 
children. God is amazing and loves us dearly. These messages are for the 
world to feel His spirit and be encouraged in goodness. And sometimes it 
feels like they are for me personally. What an amazing blessing!I feel like this was meant for me. I've felt like that girl in the letter, 
all the pressure and pushing to teach your children everything now. My son 
is almost a year old and from all the pressure I've been given, it feels 
like he should be speaking full sentences, even though I know that he 
doesn't need to right now. This beautiful video was a message to me that 
it's ok, and I'm doing a good job. Thank you for this message. I'm a father with a housewife caring for our 3 little kids. This YouTube 
message helps me have a deeper appreciation for my wife's effort in 
nurturing our kids. I have felt inspired by this message. I love my wife 
even more. I have felt the Spirit of the Lord testify that this message is 
true. Elder Jeffrey R. Holland is an Apostle of Jesus Christ.I love this message. To mother's everywhere this is for you.great message! there's no job more crazy or sweet than motherhood!@ShangTsungBeta Why don't you believe in god,im not judging but I always 
wanted to know why people didn't.I understand how sometimes it sounds 
impossible that god was real but you should get to understand a little 
more.Read the bible,im not asking you to believe in him but give it a 
chance and be open minded.This is such a beautiful message, brought me to tears. I think all moms 
feel like this mother sometimes, or even more often than that, but we have 
God's support with us all the time. He guides us through every challenge we 
face in our calling as mothers. Thank you Elder Holland for this message, i 
really needed it.Just beautiful. Thank you. Thank God for families.@abbabeffy I'm sorry that you haven't been able to have children. I know 
that is a terrible struggle, believe me. But don't think that you're going 
to die alone and forgotten. I guess I don't know you, but I would think you 
still have others who care.Mothering is the greatest responsability ... I love GOD's messages (including Jesus, because Jesus IS God, not just God 
of Earth, but part of the Holy Trinity which of course is the truth, 
evidence in the bible). But I don't agree with everything Mormon's say, or 
come up with every year. I prefer to be a Christian. But good message...@GardenCalifornia I agree, if only for those of us who have the want and 
desire, (and the I.Q.) to be a good parent are left to watch the news. Let 
me explain. The news always heralds terrible stories of the prom night 
babies, or the mothers who lock their child in a room so they can go off 
and party. I would trade every party I have ever been to, for the chance to 
hold my own child in my arms. I would cash in every song I sung on stage, 
for the feeling of my husbands and my own baby kicking. Mother's need to here they are magnificent!Well, not every woman is supposed to be a mother, because not every woman 
is good at it. Producing children is not like producing cupcakes. If you 
mess up a child, that's the development of a HUMAN BEING you've messed up. 
Mothers who have children, but have little interest in their motherhood, 
only produce children who are unpleasant, lost, confused, and unruly . Its 
irresposnible to have children when you're not the motherly type. Thus I 
would never demand that E VERY woman does it.Wow what perfect timing for this video to come out especially now that 
summer is here and all the kids are home. Thank you for all the videos and 
hope inspiring messages that they bring.@AJBR1980 But in the meantime, we who can't have children and are members 
are bombarded by messages and lessons on the vast importance of being a 
mother, and then people in your ward find you weird or bitter because you 
are childless. Super. I don't want to mother other peoples children. I 
wanted to BE THE MOTHER OF MY HUSBANDS CHILD, AS I WAS TOLD I COULD BE. And 
after 12 years, it isn't happening. So, we will die alone, forgotten. 
Wonderful. And don't give me that "Mother in Zion" crap eitherMy mother has been missing (from my family) for 25 years. She was a mormon 
the last I knew. She was the softest mother, and had strong maternal 
instincts. One of my friends, who is also mormon, was going to try to 
search the mormon church records to see if she could find any info, but she 
never got back to me. click on my username to see more about her (the first 
two videos posted are about her and have info about her in the video 
details). @Ramadan546 We never said it was easy!!!@AJBR1980 Very truewonderful! Made me cry. I have 2 little ones here and 1 up in heaven and am 
trying my best to raise the ones here to the best of my ability in 
partnership with God. Just like any good parent, our Father in Heaven wants 
the best for us. He lives and loves us all. I'm grateful for prophets, like 
Elder Holland, that teach us that.I don't believe in Mormons, but I like God's messages.I decided long ago not to build my career on the bones of my children. I 
have gone to school full time, part time, dropped out, worked, graduated; 
now I'm getting my Masters degree. I don't want any regrets...Fudge You Guys Its Hard To Be A Dad Too.@subzero831 We believe no person who lives faithfully to the best that 
their circumstances allow will be denied any lasting and significant 
blessings. If a woman doesn't have the opportunity to have a family of her 
own on Earth she will be given that blessing in Heaven. God loves all of 
his children equally and will grant every righteous desire in His own time. 
:)@MonounsaturatedBliss Because the leadership of the Church were killed 
after Christ's time. So Christ's church was lost for some time during this 
"Apostasy". But it was renewed, or restored by Joseph Smith in 1820, and we 
now have the same "apostles" of Jesus as in Jesus' time. Jeffery R.Holland 
is one of the 12.awesome! so touching and inspiring.@Shaeniff I am so so sorry for you loss. I can't even imagine. I am so 
sorry. May you find peace in your soul.GREAT MESSAGE!!@subzero831 The possibilities are endless --- Google "Sheri Dew", she is an 
extremely well-known and loved Mormon author and has never has been married 
or had children of her own; or look up "Mary Ellen Edmunds", also a 
life-long "single" Mormon woman who is leading an equally awesome life (and 
has a wonderful sense of humor I really enjoy)@AnimaSeverem Of course not! Google "Sheri Dew" (or wikipedia or whatever), 
she is an extremely well-known and loved Mormon author and has never has 
been married or had children of her own... There are many ways to serve 
Heavenly Father and his children!@AnimaSeverem i dont think so,considering we are children of god,that seems 
like a partnership in itself,to do gods will@subzero831 Same thing as every other woman, they're just not married. 
Meaning nothing "happens", nothing bad. @subzero831 ... Excellent question. Mormon women who do their best, and 
strive to get married, but for some reason don't, are still doing the 
Lord's work out of the love of their hearts. I am certain their efforts and 
impact they have on others are wholly accepted before God, through His 
grace...and the Lord loves them just as equally. Eventually, in this life 
or the 1,000 year millennium, all will have the choice to marry, so no 
worries there mate. :)@ahfclass I can relate. I was newly divorced and came down with mono. I had 
a 3yr old daughter and my ex and his father tried to take my child away 
because I was so sick. HF gave me strength along with a good family to help 
me recover and keep my child. Good Luck and my prayers are with you too.I don't understand how anybody could dislike this video. What amazing 
message! I love, respect, and prayers go out to all those amazing mothers 
other there. Thank you! ♥Oh sweet mother, love and blessings..Thanks Mom!I am busy with school and working toward a career, but my first priority is 
definitely to make eternal covenants and raise a family. Too many people 
lose sight of that nowadays. When a worthy man comes along with these same 
desires, I want to be worthy to make that step in life. Thank you for the 
message. What happens if a Mormon woman never gets married?ugh, why are there so many forms of christianitymotherhood - it wouldn't be that hard with more responsible fatherhood....I clicked the thumbs up because, even though I'm not a Mormon, I do believe 
motherhood is a sacred calling, and everyone who takes on the challenge 
with an open heart should be praised. God (and/or Goddess) bless all the 
mothers of the world.Parent hood is a blessing-transformative and uplifting, without it life 
just doen't have the spark to bother with! )o:good I believe that what Elder Holland said is true. Angels were watching over 
me as I was raising my 4 little ones. When we do the Lord's work, He 
blesses us and I can testify to that! Thank you for the beautiful video. It 
is a confidence builder.@herathene When I was raising my 4 little ones, I believe that what Elder 
Holland said is true. Angels were watching over us. When we are doing the 
Lord's work, he blesses us and I can testify to that! Thank you for the 
beautiful video.@fireflies333 You asked about the boys kneeling with arms crossed and heads 
down. Yes that is a form of praying. I believe that kneeling is a humble 
way to show reverence for Heavenly Father. We also pray kneeling beside our 
bed, or sitting in a chair with arms or hands folded and heads bowed and 
eyes closed. We can pray anytime, anywhere. Hope this helps.aaw wat a cute message! i love you mommy!! <3 and im sorry for everyone who 
doesnt have a mommy in their life now : (Who's God?Beautiful! Absolutely beautiful. It makes me excited for when I get to be a mother 
myself.