"We become so caught up in the busyness of our lives. Were we to step back, 
however, and take a good look at what we’re doing, we may find that we have 
immersed ourselves in the “thick of thin things.” In other words, too often 
we spend most of our time taking care of the things which do not really 
matter much at all in the grand scheme of things, neglecting those more 
important causes."
Ensign - November 2009﻿I love god and the true church.﻿We need to pay our tithing so people in need can get help! ﻿ilove this...he is atrue prophet today.....he doesnt talk about mpney,he 
talks things that take us back to our father.....am greatful to be amember 
of the only true church.﻿I wish they would listen objectively to anything we have to say. I'll do something then, despite the illusion that I might crowd my time or 
not make a difference.I am so bless to know jesus christ in my life.and to serve now like 
missionary.Doing is important, but doing good is more important. "It's nice to be 
important; but it's more important to be nice"Hey, there's an unfortunate, (albeit sort of funny) typo in the automatic 
captions. At 0:55 seconds. Whoever approves these comments should look into 
what can be done about making the captions accurate. Just a heads up.One big pie of rightness !"We get caught up in the thick of thin things." ... Wow. That really got to 
me... <3@note4note Because all good comes from Jesus. Everyone is born with the 
inclination to do good. This inclination is the light of Christ. We all 
have it, we just have to choose to act on it. :) I love this video. I love 
to hear President Monson. He's the best. :)Hello Brothers, Cagayan de Oro city, Philippines has been hit by Sendong 
typhon that cause flashflood here, thousand of people has been lost. and 
thanks for the helps of the Church. but our City Civil Registrar Department 
is also affected by flashflood all files and records of whole City in the 
computers & books was totally damage. from Birth Certificate to marriage 
Certificate. can we extend help recover file? this is the file of whole 
Cagayan de Oro City. this is my concern. thanks You know I find myself actually thinking of this video everyday. I ask 
myself "Have I done any good today?" More and more each day the answer is 
"Yes." Thanks for the video.Why cant people just listen to him?? His words are true, What he says is 
for the best of us, I'm a Mormon, and I have learnrd alot through this 
great religionBecause an organization has 'good works' every once in a while, this does 
not make it true or correct. Do the work of God and not of men. Ask God 
what his will is brother and sisters, then do it accordingly in secret.Such a nice and warm message of selflessness and good. Too bad it had to 
get all full of itself with all those religious sentiments shoehorned in. 
Why do I need Jesus' words to tell me to do good? Why can a man not be good 
of his own accord? Let us hope the day comes when we need not the promised 
reward of eternal bliss nor the sting of eternal hell to convince the 
average man to be good and kind and accepting of others.I'm so blessed being a member of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter 
Day Saints, I love serving the lord by doing serving others. There is a great need for meaningful service in today's moral morass of 
self-service and greed. This is an excellent and thoughtful message.Thanks to you Mormon Messages for spreading the loving and guiding words of 
our Prophet. He is indeed a wondrous and Blessed man. I love that he can 
inspire faith in people of other faiths, that they enjoy hearing something 
that resonates in any language of the heart, mind and soul! Keep up the 
good work. God Bless you!@juliantb7777 I love you for saying this. I am Mormon and it's wonderful to 
hear others from different denominations praise our Prophet and his message 
about "Have I done any good in the world today?" It's like you said, WE ALL 
should think about this and spread this wonderful message. Praise be to 
you, Julian for your kind words. Blessings upon you and your family. Thanks 
again for your kind words. Thank you very much for sharing this very meaningful speech by President 
Thomas S. Monson on helping other. @juliantb7777 I'm happy that your hear can be touched by this. That is 
something that you should be very very happy about. Your heart is open to 
truth :) I love our Prophet Thomas S. Monson. And I know that he is God's 
mouthpiece in these latter days. Of this I testify in the sacred name of 
Jesus Christ. Amen.Now we don't have a reason or excuse to be bored....let's get up and do 
some good today!k love itI love this speechThis scripture and my observation of this Church made me a believer: 
Matthew 7:16 "Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of 
thorns, or figs of thistles?"@VitaElle, there is a cc button right underneath the video window on the 
right side. you click on the button and it opens up Caption options - click 
on Transcribe Audio. There you will see the closed captions for the 
deaf/hard-of-hearing. By the way, you can do that with a lot of videos on 
here. Just look for the cc button on the lower right side of the video 
window.I agree, captions would be nice. But I'd like to have captions for some of 
my international friends who can't understand English very well, but can 
read it just fine. I'm sure captions would bless lives.There is nothing more soothing to the soul than service. I am blessed with 
a job where I serve people with disabilities full-time. This service has 
provided solace for me these past months following the miscarriage of my 
first pregnancy. The Savior's admonition to serve others is perfect. It 
perfectly provides for those in need and those who serve with a measure of 
His peace and His love.Can you add captions to this video?? I would like to know what is the 
message. I am deaf and can't understand what words he was saying.This is so awsome. GO Pres Mosman!How thankful I am for the life long example of service President Thomas S. 
Monson has set. He walks the walk and talks the talk!! He is a true 
disciple of our Savior, Jesus Christ, I know he is a true Prophet of God!I love President Monson. We're so blessed to have a prophet.Considering all the 'needs' in the world today to help each other - this 
message is so timely. Really gets my priorities more in line!@zujowalls08 Congrats! 1 Year!! It just keeps getting better every year too!What a great motto! "Have I done any good in the world today?" I want to 
remember this every morning when I wake up.I like this. It reminds me to be good everyday in every little thing, not 
just huge vents. Thank youI appreciate your question, but it is important to understand that God did 
not destroy Haiti. The more appropriate question to ask is why did God 
allow this to happen? The honest truth is that we don't know. It is also 
important to know the true characteristics of God and His work and purpose. 
This life is temporary and we eventually move on to the next life - this is 
part of God's plan which includes death and opportunities to serve our 
brothers and sisters in need.god dosnt give anyone a trial they cant pull throughi loved this message! it's almost been a year since i converted to the 
church. im so grateful for president monson and for the church! and of 
course, for Heavenly Father.A Timely Message from a Prophet of God!love President Monson !!!!!!!!!!!! this message is so inspiring!Please have captions available. I would love to know what he said... I am 
deaf and would appreciate the captions.Although I'm not religious, I love this message and agree whole heartedly.I did! :)I'm not trying to argue against this message. I'm glad people who think 
like that exist but... ... if god wants people to help people in need like 
the ones in Haiti then why did he destroy Haiti in the first place? Kind of 
illogical.I was raised Mormon, but converted when I was 18 years old. I am so 
grateful that I did. My life has been extremely blessed because of this 
church. I have been cursed at and yelled at in his name. I will gladly 
still carry this banner until my hands can carry it no more.Why are you former? Do you still have a testimony? Do you still know of 
your Saviors love? I invite you to think of the blessings you are missing 
and return to the fold. We miss you and would miss you if you did not make 
it with us. President Monson loves you and so do we.President Monson rocks, as usual!we all can watch the news and hope and pray that the people with crisis 
will be over soon@CollegePreacher Images transmitted to our mind through the eyes exert a 
powerful influence on our thoughts and actions. For example, if we were 
regularly to feed our mind on immoral entertainment, our resolve to obey 
the Bible's command to "flee from fornication" could be weakened. (1 
Corinthians 6:18) In like manner, if we enjoy entertainment that features 
"men who are practicing what is hurtful," we could find it difficult to be 
"peaceable with all men." (Psalm 141:4; Romans 12:18)beautiful and sooooo true!Inspiring, as always.Scripture mastery :)Matthew 25:40 "And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say 
unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my 
brethren, ye have done it unto me."Is an excelent message. We thank thee, o God, for our Prophet, the 
President Monson. Es un excelente mensaje. Te agracedemos Señor por nuestro 
profeta el Presidente MonsonI love these messages! So much love and Thought! Thank you!I wish all of the people who hate Mormons would just listen to President 
Monson. After just a few minutes I am sure most would realize that we are 
not what they make us out to be. We are servants of Heavenly Father and 
president Monson exsmplifies this like no other.its so true, I'm always happy when I serve others!!!I'm not Mormon, or religious in any way, but this is a great message that 
we should all think about.Mormon Messages Rockzz! thanks fo posting!powerful reminder!So do I, I seriously wouldn't be able to carry on living if I had to give 
it up :). I like this video :).Thank God for a Prophet.I read this quote today! How awesome! Spiritually in tuned! :DThird! So true . . . why don't we focus more on others? Its the only way to 
be happy.Me too."...doing good is a pleasure, a joy beyond measure, a blessing of duty and 
love..."I love this church.Inspiring