I love this church <3﻿This needs subtitles in many languages, urgently.﻿What a great message! Reminds me to really open my eyes.﻿A short but powerful message.﻿Amen and Amen!﻿Gratitude works like Magic. It instantly changes from Negative to Positive 
Mindset and It also brings more of what we dwell on. Just FYI, I am using 
an iPhone app called "Thanks A Lot" by Lokesh Hanumappa. This is really 
cool app, because I can express my Gratitude across all the key areas of my 
life like Physical, Mental, Emotional, Financial, Relationships, 
Professional and Spiritual.It reminds me? at a set? time and I can share my 
blessings to my friends and family too. Thanks A Lot For UReminded me how very blessed I am. Love this! Reminded me how very blessed I am. Love this!Christ should have been the focus of this video, but He wasn't mentioned 
once. :(i don't understand why this video was ever disliked! it is so amazingIt's a little to easy here in Hawaii.This was amazingly helpful. It is so true!I'm grateful for parents that have raised me to open my mind and heart to 
all of God's children, who have encouraged me to always form my own 
opinions on politics, society, and even my religion. Because of them, I 
know that religion is wonderful, because they haven't tried to keep me 
chained. No, religion is what made them let me be me.Thank You! :) Haha @jessicaljarvis that's a long list! At least on here to mention but I know 
I can do it. Or I hope I can! haha. We don't become grateful because we are happy, we become happy because we 
are grateful. When we thank the Lord, He will wat to bless us more, because 
so few people DO thank Him.AMEN and AMEN.Thank you for having this captioned. I really enjoy this message. :) i love itt!!To be thankful opens our heart for the love of god. Although we feel sad, 
unworthy or even depressed, we can start to thank for all the good we have 
or had and feel better after a short time. Its an open secret: Gratidude 
heals the wounded hearts.List 100 things you are grateful for....now! :) can you do it?My wife and kidsgreat worthwhile message! love the real people interviewed. Love Thomas S. 
Monson!Que buena religion! aun si fuera falsa seria miembro todavia porque me 
encanta el estilo de vida que promuebe... y si me siento muy orgulloso y 
quiero gritarlo a los 4 vientos que soy feliz siendo 
mormonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!its all so true!These are totally awesome!! they always brighten my day. oh and i bet ya'll 
10 bucks the guy is not really fishing at 1:00 :)I love the word GRATITUDE!amen attitude of gratitude pres Monson...=) God bless our church and 
everyone else.I'm thankful to have the gospel in my life. It's a reason I have to do good.LOOOOOOOOOOOOVE THIS!! I am so grateful for all the things mentioned and 
the virtue of Gratitude. "Gratitude unlocks the windows of Heaven." ~ Pres. 
MonsonBe Grateful, for if one forgets, then it’s gone, and you never knew what it 
meant to you until that time. Cherish every day, every day. I am older now but I have learned gradually over the years that an attitude 
of Gratitude is one of the greatest abilities we can develop. For some 
people it is a gift that they get -- practically at birth. For some i is a 
gift given by their parents. And for some it is something that they have to 
work at. Regardless of how we get there, being grateful is a HUGE blessing 
in life and things go MUCH better.So true, what a great message!!!!Nothing better than to think about this now, but to keep it internal and to 
always be thankful is so necessary. I'm thankful for a living prophet.I love this one! I try everyday to be more like this.Those who have less would encourage us to notice, appreciate, record, and 
then share!upliftingLiving in thanksgiving daily We cultivate an attitude Of seeking the good 
each day brings And expressing our gratitude I am thankful for 11 muscles 
that brings a smile.Beautiful.Great message for all of us during this Thanksgiving season and always. where did you get the music?I am thankful for a prophet and for his words that come from our loving 
Father in Heaven. Love this! It's so important to be grateful. What a wonderful video! They 
are all well done! May we all open our eyes, and ears to the beautiful things that surround 
us, even in times of trials. ♥ I was given a Gratitude Journal (one of 
those Composition notebooks) and the instructions were to write down 3 
things every day, that I am thankful for. It is wonderful how doing 
something that simple helps me become thankful for even more things; and it 
helps change my disposition if I feel angry or overwhelmed. Great video!BeautifulLet us respect the beauty of the world.Awesome and wonderful!i love seeing Thomas S. Monsons face, and hearing his words!... So Direct, 
yet, so Humble!This is indeed a great video. I love the message too.Love the freshness of this GREAT reminder. Just makes me look at everything 
around me so differently. Wonderful production and music. Inspiring.Thank you :)Well doneI am grateful for this life, and the good and bad experiences, because I 
learn fro themATTITUDE OF GRATITUDE!nice videO!! I love president Thomas S. Monson!. Open your eyes and be thankful!First, and awesome vid.attitude of gratitude!!!