this  is  an  awesome  video  and  I  know   even  more    that  the  book  
of  Mormon  and  the  church  are  true﻿This video is so amazing and moving. It inspires me to "stand above the 
ways of the world." +Russ Fletcher﻿Whether they intended or not the music sounds like the Forrest Gump score. 
Anyway this video just inspires me to be a better priesthood holder. Love 
our Prophet!﻿When I watched him baptizing his child it brought tears to my eyes. If only 
my daughter were not taken from me it would be something I would be so 
proud to have experienced. that was my curchSo awesome.I love hearing this man speak. The words he speaks through his messages can 
easily inspire others and you know that he speaks the truth by the Holy 
Ghost. Correct me if im wrong but in a way, any words that comes out of an 
apostle or any general authority member of the church surely lets us know 
that the gospel is true. This message i love viewing over and over. I can 
feel peace even after i have done viewing it. Love it.The practice that is happening is called Baptism. If you would like to 
learn more, the website Mormon.org may help answer some questions you might 
have and can help you get in contact with people that can answer your 
questions as well. Also the website LDS.org may help as well. :)The practice is baptism! We believe in baptism as the Savior Jesus Christ 
was baptized by full immersion. When you are baptized by the authority of 
Jesus Christ you can have your sins washed away and become a member of His 
church. It's an amazing thing!I do not know if anyone responded to your question so just in case you 
never got an answer, the practice in the "pool" is baptism. :) We believe 
in baptism by immersion and so we have fonts (which would be the pool you 
speak of ) in our churches so that we can baptize by immersion without 
having to find the nearest lake lol. I hope that you continue to watch the 
Mormon Messages and look into the church further. As a member I can tell 
you, you won't regret looking into it further. Praying that God will tell me if I should be baptized into the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as The Book of Mormon truly makes me feel 
blessed. I am only 16 and I don't know what to do.The practice in the pool is a baptism. Mormons believe in following the 
example that Jesus Christ set us, which includes baptism. Baptism is a 
covenant we make with God to obey Him, and someone who has the priesthood 
of God must perform the baptism. If you have other questions about the 
Mormons, the website mormon.org is a very good resource to answer them :)It was a baptism. :)I can't tell if anyone replied to you already, so to answer your question 
that would be baptism that you're referring to :) Most buildings have a 
baptismal font where the ordinance takes place.Hi, the "pool" you referred to is a baptismal font. Like many other 
Christian churches, we get baptized as a symbol of our commitment when we 
become a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. We 
baptize by complete immersion, which is why we need a relatively large font.Baptism by immersion.that is baptism! :DIt is called a baptism, we are baptized by submersion just like christ was 
by John the Baptist. By being baptized you make covenants with god such as, 
keeping his commandments, always remembering his son Jesus Christ, and 
taking Christ's name upon you (being an example and a Christian). John 3:5 
- Jesus answered, Verily, Verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of 
water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. I was 
baptized and know that it is of God.baptism!The LDS Church follows the example set by Jesus Christ by practicing the 
ordinance of baptism by immersion. The pool is called a font and is located 
inside the church to accommodate this ordinance. If you have any other 
questions you can visit the mormon.org website 
mormon.org/what-do-mormons-believe. There is an explanation of the Church's 
beliefs and practices.It is the ordinance of baptism by imersion. We call the the pool a 
"baptismal font".Dear sister: The practice that you see is that of baptism by immersion. We 
call it baptismal font and they are found at most of our chapels all around 
the world. All are welcome to visit and come and see for yourselves how 
these are done! Thank you for asking!Baptism by immersion in water by one having authority is the first saving 
ordinance of the gospel and is necessary for an individual to become a 
member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and to receive 
eternal salvation. All who seek eternal life must follow the example of the 
Savior by being baptized and receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost.Littlemisspunk, what you are referring to is a baptism taking place in a 
baptismal font. As a member of the LDS church I believe that baptism is a 
commandment and also a way for individuals to show their willingness to 
follow Christ and take upon themselves His name. We have been taught to 
follow Christ's example of baptism by immersion - being completed submerged 
in water. To learn more about the church's teachings on baptism visit their 
website.The pool is where we are baptized by immersion. Just like Jesus when he was 
baptized in the River Jordan by John the Baptistordinance of baptism. right hand raised while vocalizing the prayer, left 
hand given for stability to the person who is being baptized; he or she 
must be fully immersed in the water. It is the way we baptize. We do it in a pool so that we may be fully 
immersed. it is important to be fully immersed because it is symbolic of 
having all of our sins washed away. Baptism. Yes, they are great videos!I'm not Mormon, but I am a Christian who is curious about the Church of 
LDS. I just have a question - what practice have they shown here that takes 
place in the, for lack of a better word, pool? Great videos! :)I'm all for keeping out horrible comments, a little critical thinking about 
the issues and exchange of views is not necessarily a bad thing though.Wow. What a powerful and moving video. I loved it. how can you hold still for that long??Like a million times!What a propaganda show. Religion is about control....control that includes 
racism, misogyny, dislike of other religions. I'm sure this comment isn't 
going to pass the "control the comments board".......we sure wouldn't want 
to let just anyone speak on the Mormon Channel!!!! Joke!This video is very beautiful. Realy, I feel the spirit to see him . The 
Priesthood is power of God in earth or in heaven. It's have wonderful in my 
life. I believe in God, in Your Son Jesus Christ, my saviour. I believe in 
your gospel, and in your prophets. I'm so happy with this.I LOVE silly things and it's hard for me to be serious about life because 
usually it's no fun. But when I see this video, I think that I don't want 
to waste my time with things that aren't fulfilling.Does anyone know what type of video technique is being used?Does anyone know what type of photography technique is being used? By the 
way that was AMAZING:)Amenim sure that if you just bring it up that they will be more than willing to 
talk about it and answer any questions you have about it. just tell him/her 
that you want to know more about it.Absolutely beautiful Exactly, and he didn't have children with all of them and it was more for 
their financial security than anything else.my gosh that made me cry! i'm putting this into favorites and spreading the 
word about it! The Power of God that we have is somthing that needs to be the moust 
important thing in our lives. There is a lot of people that don't have it 
in there lives.Jesus and Nicodemus (John 3:1-21)im tired of everyone hating on mormons when they dont even know what we 
believe in or what we do everyone just thinks we have 20 wives that was in 
the 1850s by one prophetBeing born again is a symbolic term used to describe baptism. At baptism we 
strive to cease those things that will lead us away from Gods presence. 
Being born again is being born into a state that we can be saved in. Only 
Christ can save us and we must do what he commands in order to prepare 
ourselves to live in his presence. Baptism is one of the requirements we 
must follow in order to qualify ourselves.I dare everyone to read Proverbs 11 and Proverbs 12 entirely, and when you 
do compare it to our society, to ourselves, and to churches. And see which 
church with-holds such principles to the very framework of our creator 
through our savior. Our father in heaven did not condemn us for men upon 
men has taken it upon themselves to condemn each other. I believe that this 
video exemplifies the choice we make on whether we want to be righteous and 
to act upon it, I am grateful for this video. Absolutely moving. Almost brought me to tears.How do Mormons believe people are born again.. Could some one answer meHow do Mormons baptize people . How do they believe people are born againWhat a poignant short film the rarity of the cinematography and the 
unparalleled power of the Priesthood. It is that same power that formed the 
earth and everything in it. May the holder's of such authority remain 
virtuous in all things and all places. wow. I felt the spirit, did you?I gave this video an applauseClay figures?@mikygr1 Welcome home!I had an interesting conversation with a Jewish friend yesterday. We talked 
about the afterlife. I argued that dead people still have choices. He 
agreed, but said without the requirements of mortality ie needing food, 
water and shelter how would their choices matter? I came away thinking 
there has to be a structure in heaven just as there is one with the 
Priesthood here and now. A structure of the interaction of souls. An 
organization inclusive of righteousness but also beyond it.Amazing how well the retro was done at the beginning. I couldn't find any 
anachronisms. Really well done. Loved that the music room was used in the 
library. It's that one retro room in the BYU library! Such a beautiful 
video. All who worked on this should be immensely pleased; you deserve it 
-- it's simply beautiful.@cindybin2001 The Bible tells us the Church is the spiritual betrothed 
bride of Christ. Earthly marriage between man and woman is only a shadow of 
the true spiritual marriage between the Church and Christ, Eph 5:24-32. 
When the church is married to Christ, it cannot be married again to another 
partner since this is ADULTERY. Romans 7:1-2 says any marriage on earth is 
nullified when the partner dies, meaning earthly marriage is not eternal. 
Matt 22:24-30, says there is no re-marriage in heaven.Whoa, that was like as if it were the kid's ordination the whole time! 
Ponder on that for a moment. Amazing :)@ethannintendonerd It's not about the image, its just so many people 
comment such negative, non-constructive comments, that they probably just 
want to keep that out. These videos should be something for us to enjoy, 
not watch and then scroll down into horrible religious debates. We want to 
be uplifted from these videos, not frustrated by dumb arguments. So distracted by the visual effects.I will always honor my priesthood.How can anyone dislike thisI'm REALLY grateful for these videos the church does. Every week i look 
forward to the next one. And every single one is EXACTLY what i need to 
hear, and is right on point. I go to church every week, and everyone just 
bares testimony that they love the church. But for some reason these videos 
are so much more meaningful, and gives me hope. And tells me exactly what i 
need to do. Blue print to life! Thank you for whoever makes these!As a female member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints I do 
not feel slighted. Woman are born with a different power than the 
Priesthood. A beautiful and sacred power.I tried hard not to cry but I always cry when I see an old couple in love 
like that. (Like in "Up"). What a great message and what a great way to 
capture the message.One of my favourite Mormon Messages so far. Loved it on the first watching 
but then watching it again, I 'got it'. Beautiful.Amazing Cinematography, Beautiful Message, Very Very well done!!I love this timelineare you so concerned about your image that you (or any other pro latter day 
channel) will allow those who disagree to comment. I am sure this wont get 
in the comments, but I think that people of different views to say what 
they think So beautiful!@bigbaumer Only worthy men hold the priesthood. Many people see this as 
sexist, however I --as a woman-- have never felt short changed for not 
holding the priesthood. I know many people feel that equality would equate 
to both men and women being priesthood holders, but I believe that we all 
have different roles and responsibilities that are equal in their 
importance to God,Fantastic! God Save us all.I must have watched this 10 times. I love how it teaches without being 
heavy handed. One cannot help but watch it and 'reverence' the Holy 
Priesthood - when you see the good the Priesthood SHOULD do over a 
lifetime. Thanks again Mormon Messages for an outstanding video with the 
highest level of quality.Oh my goodness!!! The saying "a picture is worth a thousand words" does 
even seem to cover the beauty of this amazing compilation, for it fails to 
do justice to describe how wonderful this makes you FEEL!!! When you 
realize you are being touched by the Holy Spirit, everything else of this 
world pales in comparison! I am always uplifted watching the videos on this 
channel and it testifies to how Heavenly Father can use anything to bring 
His messages forth. =)i love the message of Pres Monson it goes the way to the heart. @jacobgotime Hey... the same things happened to me. Thanks for your kinds 
words my friend !!!Can women hold "priesthood"?This was so cool! I felt the spirit so strong while watching it. FYI, my 
EFY counselor was the girl who got married and was the mom ;)Wow - This is an amazing video...the cinematography is so good it's a 
little distracting. I need to watch it again to focus on the message!We can do it brethren!what is this video technique called?I love this because it's not pushy. President Monsons message is SO 
inviting. It truly makes me want to be a better person, and a better 
Priesthood holder. This video made my day!One of the best video that I have ever seen.... Amazing video! Goosebumps!! The cinematography, expressions, music, and 
message are perfect!"our actions must be without reproach" I served a mission and told a man 
that the same priesthood that Christ Himself had is here on earth today. 
The expressions on his face showed and awe! We ought to live in 
thankfulness for this great gift! I love the Gospel and the blessings it 
brings in my life. I can testify to you that that man in the video is a 
worthy priesthood holder. He is my dad and because of him my life has been 
blessed!So touching...I'm so impressed with the cinematography in this one! So 
awesome! Great message and beautiful music...I always look forward to new 
Mormon Message videos. Please, keep them coming! I think this is my favorite Mormon Message ever. I likened it unto myself. 
I was affected by the photography, the story, the simplicity, the words of 
President Monson, the score, and, above all, the Spirit I felt testify to 
me of the truthfulness and importance of what it portrayed. You know how 
you hear people say that "they saw their life flash before their eyes" in a 
moment of danger? My life has "flashed before my eyes" once or twice, and 
it resembled this Mormon Message. OK --- NOW -- I have a favorite Mormon Message. As a Priesthood holder it 
gave me a deep sense of gratitude that "I" am a little part of this Plan. 
How wonderful to see the impact this Holy Priesthood has on a 'lifetime' 
and through 'the eternities'. I will safeguard it President Monson. Just 
watched it again and focused on the incredibly moving music. HOW wrote 
this? It is deeply stirring.Can’t Thank my Heavenly Father enough for Restoring the Priesthood. I reap 
the blessing every day. i remember the day my son was ordained a Deacon 
like it was yesterday. I love this video and I will share it over and over 
again in my FB account. May Heavenly Father bless and protect each one of 
the worthy Priesthood holder around the world and endow them with knowledge 
and wisdom so that they could help Him bring to pass the immortality and 
eternal life of man.. This... it's amazing to hear the testimony of a prophet. And one thing I 
was wondering - was that David B. Haight in those images?great job Kelli!!!!! way to catch that boy's eye in the library :)I LOVE IT!!!! :')I love how it goes through the entire life of this worthy priesthood holder.There is nothing in this world that we can compare with power of the 
Priesthood... Lets discipline ourselves... I will never forget the day my father, a worthy and honorable family 
patriarch and priesthood holder laid his hands on my head and passed on the 
sacred responsibility to carry forward the work of the Lord, to bless 
others and live a life always striving to be better prepared to answer the 
call of the Lord, whether a whispering from heaven to our heart, or a plea 
for help from someone in need. May we all find the Lord daily through 
special moments of revelation!