@allby44 In the Mormon religion or The church of Jesus Christ of latter-day 
Saints, Sunday is the Sabbath Day. Because when Heavenly Father and Jesus 
Christ made the earth in seven days. On the seventh day, which was a Sunday 
was the day of rest. So therefore, Sunday is the Sabbath Day and it is also 
the day we/they go to church. Take it from a member. The gospel has helped 
my life so much! It gives me peace and happiness. Find a local missionary 
or any other member to learn morewait but the Sabbath is Saturday...why is he referring to the Sabbath as 
Sunday?@angiepm77 On the bottom of the Mormon Channel's YouTube page, you can 
change the language to Spanish. You'll find this video and many more in 
multiple languages. @angiepm77 I'm sure you can find something if you go to the church's 
website :)The more i watch conference the more i love it. I live in Mauritius and the 
church is very small here but the spirit we feel from watching the general 
authorities speak is wonderful. I can't wait for the october conferenceI wish there was a LOVE button. The church is true and I am so glad that we 
having living prophets and apostles. They care so much for us and want the 
best for us. May we strive to be like them, who ultimately strive to be 
like Christ. I would LOVE to meet them!Love this!I like that you have this posted on your channel. This was a great 
conference. We are so fortunate to have this light in these latter days..Apostles are AWESOME! True men! @mohhess They will hear it, the opportunity is equal to everyone, only if 
or not they are prepared for it. One day many shall join in the list and 
triumph with the Spirit. Heavenly Father needs his people to glorify His 
works, and I am happy that I am one, and there are so many others (friends 
and families). One day many will know it and find their peace :)Loved this. What wonderful, inspired talks. If only the whole world would heed the 
words of the Lord given to His servants the prophets.These words of wisdom will bring joy and happiness to your lives. thank you 
for creating this for us! Want a pick me up, just listen and put these words to the test. Your life 
will get better, you will be happier as will everyone around you. Beautiful, inspiring messages. Reaffirmed my testimony that this is the 
true church of Jesus Christ. A great and inspiring conference.Thank you so much to the wonderful people who make these messages available 
to all of us around the world. Wonderful General Conference. Love it. Love 
it. Love it.@Dalessiokiller I agree with your comment. I thought this too. :)They're all good, the conferences I mean, but this time around it was that 
much stronger to me. Great video, thanks.. But why only include the prophet and apostles' talks? 
There were other great talks, too.Good work by the Apostles and Leaders of the TRUE Church of God!Great conference!These messages have come Into my humble home Have stirred my heart just so 
With the love of God...I know That must have been hard to choose highlights because the whole thing was 
good. :)Great messages! I feel overwhelmed that our Heavenly Father loves us so 
much that He sent those messengers to the earth to help us through this 
difficult journey called mortal life. Thank you Brethren for you faith and 
preparation. We love and support you! 2011 or 2010?18 minutes of pure Revelation from the Heavens !!! It does not get any 
better then this !!I LOVE BEING A MORMON!