My missionary son sent this link to me in his last email to wish me Happy 
Mothers Day. Thanks, Elder Bolan. I love you!i was gonna send this to my mom until the end.. because we aren't mormon. 
and she'd be like what the heck? not that there's anything wrong with being 
mormon but it's just that we aren't.aw lovely <3My mom has meant a great deal to me. I was the youngest of four when my 
father left the Church. It was only through her faith and encouragement 
that I am who I am today. My Heavenly Father has given me so much in her. I 
am grateful every day for her influence in my life.Me gusta este video. Feliz Dia de las Madres a mi Madre!this is a great mother's day video.Lovely!!!!!!!Very very nice! Thanks for this video. Lovely!true wat a great video!..i love my mom hahhaha my mom its awesome that make my laughGreat vid I really liked how you did it with more than just one language. 5 
stars.Great video. Mothers are great. Mothers deserve our support. Mothers 
deserve the highest consideration from society. Reed Markham, American 
Educator concluded: "In an age when mothers are devalued they deserve even 
more of our praise, support and thanks. Mothers should be remembered and 
honored not only on Mothers Day but every day of the year."Feliz dia de las madres...Love you mom!This is a sweet video...but I wish they would have shown more 
diversity...not a bunch of people who obviously are upper middle 
class...how about all those single moms out there who work their fingers to 
the bone to provide for their kids? Or the families who don't have much in 
the way of worldly possessions but offer their families as much love as 
possible. I was disappointed at the narrow segment of society this video 
portrayed.No matter how much we "hate" our Mom when they ground us. They are the only 
ones always there for us. They understand us because of their sensitivity 
and soft hearts. I LOVE YOU MOM!i always Love my Mother !!!I hope someday my kids say that about me.Being a Mother is the most important and fulfilling responsibility in the 
world! God bless all those Mother's who have sacrificed so much to raise 
good God-fearing children.I have a hard time not crying when i watch this, because it describe my 
mother so perfectly and it touches my heart very deeply. I pray that i can 
be a mother to my children(when i have them) like my mom was to me I love 
you so much mom! words cannot express!I think that the piece was well put together and helps us recognize the 
importance that our mothers have played in our life.Te quiero mucho Mama!!!The greatest thing a man can do for his children is to love their mother! 
-David O. McKayIt is crazy how much I find myself doing and saying things my mother would 
say and do, I must really love my mom. In fact I do Love my Mom.My Mum is Everything to me =D I love my mum !! :D She is a person Thats 
Have A heart!You got that right!they even used that boy twice on the same screen!How inspiring!who is the young man putting on the coat and talking about fixing the 
trailer, I know his mom from 25 years ago she used to a Nanny in Mass.I'M IN THIS VIDEO HAHAHAMy Mother is the strength that made me what I am today. I love her!and they all had something to say but they broke it up into segments that 
all had the same thing to say.its because they are certain kids that have volunteered to be in the videos"My mom is pure love." Concise and true.Why use the same teenagers over and over -- you'd think that there is 
enough LDS kids around the world to say something about their mom! Very 
disappointing because the message doesn't come thru when you recognize the 
kid from previous sentence -- you just concentrate on the kid.