This is beautiful. I love the way it merges at the end. Such wonderful 
truth.﻿I love president Monson !﻿This is honestly my favorite Mormon message ever. I ALWAYS cry, and it 
always speaks to me each time I'm listening to it.﻿Mormon channel is all I watch after church.Im mormon and I'm proud.﻿When I'm in my deepest depression spells I play this message. It always 
makes me cry. not the tears of hopelessness and despair that tend to flow 
endlessly at these times, but quite, healing tears. I always feel at least 
a little better after watching this.﻿One amazing video i been through hard times since finding this church has 
help me﻿So inspirational.Melisa, I am glad to see you are not the only one who needs these loving 
words. It is comforting and lifting. I as your friend in the Gospel and in 
Heaven am here for you to talk to or just need to say HI. Bless you, bless 
you dear sister. I've watched this video a million times and I'm watching it now as I am 
going through a hard time and I feel so grateful to be a part of this 
church! I am so comforted watching this video! The last shall be first and the first shall last. Lose your self in the 
service of the Lord. Don't worry, I too struggle with ocd and I've cried myself to sleep at 
night sometimes because of the grief it causes me. I've often stayed up 
late at rexburg so that my roommates wouldnt have to see my behavior and 
ask me about it. I found consolation in the scriptures and it has 
strengthened my testimony about the healing and comforting power of the 
atonement and the holy ghost.Lost a job this week, no savings...but I have learned to trust that this is 
true, and I will get through it with the help of my Savior!I have bi-polar disorder and struggle most days with deep depression. 
Sometimes it feels like it coats me like a deep, black tar, keeping me from 
touching the light and love of heavenly father, my friends, and my family. 
Some days, everyday tasks are too hard for me to complete, some days even 
getting out of bed is a trial. Sometimes I silently scream "Why me Lord?" I 
know he has his reasons and I thank him everyday for the blessing of 
friends and family and church. Thank you for this video.you know Christian isn't a religion right? Christian is a term used for a 
group of religions that fall under a blanket category. Hold on to what is right and what is good and it will make life worth 
living. some choises done by us, hur others. some chioces done by our love one's 
hurts us. and at times we loos them for it is their chioce., but its our 
choice fo put our trust in god the father, in his son our savior jesus 
christ and we will be able to overcome and to endure it all. for we are not 
alone god the father loves us all and is indfull of us and our trials and 
he will bless us acordingly to whats best for us and his will, that i do 
know with all my heart. & may our father in heaven bless uSometimes it's good to be reminded that we all have trials, and that we all 
have hope.I love this idea. Even when we're having our own problems, we can reach out 
to others, even selflessly in our extremity. It is what Jesus did and would 
do. i cry watch all they video..Elder Cook you are the bees knees! Hope ya know, we love you. I love these videos; they are so uplifting. I simply have to say "amen" 
after each one.Yes, that's true. I needed that. I just needed that reassuring message, 
2:30 "We can be assured that he is there, and we are safe in his loving 
arms" Thank you, I really needed that.Love Elder Cook I really love the talks Elder Quentin L Cook gives!! He is one of my 
favorite speakers at General Conference :)Hope you know I had a hard timeA message of hope from whatever source should ring out in loud to all to 
hear, to know that Heaven is listening.. "love one another and give hope to 
those around us" @DrTerminus I totally agree with you on that point.@OfficialLyricAshley We Mormons are Christians. Isn’t the name of our 
church The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints? Do we not worship 
Christ? Other Denominations of Christianity do not believe in the Prophet 
Thomas S. Monson, but that does not make us non Christian just because we 
do.. Are Catholics, Baptists, Protestants and Lutherans not Christian 
because their beliefs are all different? If your Church is centered around 
CHRIST you are Christian. @DrTerminus Mormons and Christians are two different things. Yes, they have 
good morals and believe some of the same stuff, but Christians study the 
bible only where as Mormons study the Book of Mormon also. Christians also 
don't believe that Thomas S Monson is a prophet. I needed to hear this message today. Regardless of what religion you are, 
this message strikes a chord with us all. Reaching out and helping each 
other is our central mission in this life. Putting off our own selfish 
desires, and making that sacrifice to help someone struggling on their own 
path. this made me cry like a babyThe Lord Jesus Christ was the prime example of charity. All of his 
suffering was for us, and he was willing to help us no matter hard the 
trial he faced. We strive as Members of the Church of Latter Day Saints to 
follow in his example in all things. Though we are not perfect the Lord has 
paid our price of sin if we are willing to follow him and his teachings.it really helped me !!@DrTerminus It is infinitely more important to be a good person than to be 
a good mormon or christian or Jew or Muslim or Daoist or Buddhist. They are 
not necessarily mutually inclusive. A good person, though faulted as we all 
are, is still better than the best religious label you can dish out. You 
don't need a label to bear positive adjectives about yourself and that is 
why I have problems with religious, nationalist, political and social 
factionalism. Please approve this comment.I don't necessarily have an opinion on religion. I call myself a Christian, 
and love both God and Christ, but I leave it at that. I trust that the 
Gates of Heaven will open for me for being an honest, hardworking, and 
overall decent person during my time here on Earth, regardless of what I 
drink or smoke.I am so glad that I have the privelage to grow up LDS. <3I'm having a hard time@94MaverickGT I am sorry for your loss.You are grieving and we grieve in 
different ways. I hope you can have comfort in your hearts.We go through 
different difficulties in life. The Atonement of Jesus Christ can help us 
deal with the sorrow and pain. I am a member of the LDS church. I had a 
different tragedy in my life.The Atonement of Jesus Christ has helped me 
through the years to soften the pain. We believe families can be 
eternal.May Heavenly Father bless you with peace in your life.this is a great message.@axetraxxify When you are so down and you can't get past the pain, you 
dislike this kind of message. My husband and I lost our daughter, a twin 
with mild Autism to cancer the day after their 5th birthday. I'm not really 
sure I can listen to this message now without synicism, but I was able to 
listen to it. I'm not comforted by it but I am at the point now where I can 
hear it without throwing my laptop out the front door the crash in the 
middle of the street. It's all about where you are!how can anyone dislike this? I'm absolutely puzzled as to why anyone would dislike such a beautiful 
message@EmPkay This man's name is Quentin L. Cook and he is one of Christ's 
Apostles. His words come from a great opportunity we have twice a year 
called general conference where prophets and apostles speak to us and help 
us understand what Heavenly Father would have us hear. There words bring 
comfort just like Quentin's do to your heart. I was blind and could not see. I eventually found rehabilitation services 
and could have surgery to restore my sight. But, I needed many times where 
transportation was necessary to go several hours distance for surgery. God 
sent an angel to me. Who without thought of inconvenience was willing to 
take the time and the expense to get me to those appointments. I want Bro 
Monson to know that I am one of many who received his birthday wish. I now 
have full vision thanks to an angel whom he sent.who hasnt felt this? heavenly father do you know what happening cant you 
help? " i hope you know i've had a hard time" who hasnt felt the love 
heavenly father offers us through his son jesus christ? who has felt every 
single pain we have felt not just our sins but the time we bumped our head 
as a toddler the time we broke our arm as a teenager the time we lost a 
child as an adult. he know us and understand what we feel. and oh how i 
love him so! elder cook is truely inspired! @EmPkay @EmPkay The man is Quentin L. Cook, an apostle of Jesus Christ and 
a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. You can learn 
more about this church at mormon.orgI'm in my first semester of college away from home and I needed this. God 
bless.@EmPkay The man speaking in this video is Quintin L. Cook Thank you Elder Cook, tears are streaming down my face. It is just what I 
needed today. Im great full for my challenges in life they help me to i have a loving 
Heavenly Father who loves me,and because He dose I am given 
adversities,trials,and afflictions for my own good.I love Elder Cook what a 
great apostle.@EmPkay I'm not sure if anyone ever replied to you. My guess is that they 
have. But just in case in the last year nobody has, this man is Quentin 
Cook, and he is an apostle of the Lord. He's awesome, and listening to him 
is always great. Brother Cook is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints. If you need anything else, just let me know. :DThank you for the great video. Due to my work, I have been separate from my 
family for more than one year. I always wonder why I am here. Has God 
forgotten about my family and me. There are a lot of challenges to overcome 
or to live with in life. The message here is meaningful. One word....Beautiful!@AKLTUZ Same here.@mormondrew12 May God bless you, He loves you so, so much. You're 
wonderful. very movingIt is often through our trials that we develop a broader perspective, find 
new talents, strengthen our resolve, and feel our Savior's love. I am 
grateful for this knowledge and for this caring message and am touched by 
the many heavy hearts who found solace through this touching video. May the 
Savior bless each of you in your time of need as I know He has mine.Had heavy heart. Thanks. Just what I needed. @mormondrew12 Same great message and great video~ love how at the end the two men comes 
together~ThankyouI love this video. It gives me such hope I really love this video. It really helps. love the message@jake4e9er: Love this video! he has got the epic stare goin' on 0:36 but I see what they are trying to 
portray. It makes ya think for a while.@SuzzyStohelit so VERY sorry to hear of your loss. Search YouTube for the 
video entitled "Forgiveness: My Burden Was Made Light" Thought you might 
appreciate this video as well. Thanks Elder Cook! I appreciate this as well as my family and most 
importantly my father in heaven for your words who saved one of his sons! 
God Bless This message is what I simply love about Mormons and Mormonism: they are 
always reaching out to help others less fortunate. I have been the 
beneficiary of their kindness and charity. They are true Christians!This video helped me out when I needed it most in my life. Thank you for 
such a perfect message, delivered in such a powerful way.Thank you so much for helping us in our struggles. All you guys are giving 
us hope and love that we could not find in our present situation. I pray 
that more people would be like you...Thank you so much. I deeply thank God 
for all of you out there. Your words lifted so many souls including mine. 
Souls who are about to quit living. God bless you!!AMEN, Amen and amenBeing a police officer for just about 10 yrs, I have seen a lot of sorrow, 
suicides, did cpr on 2.5month old child who died and other such things...i 
always am able to block out the sadness during those incidents....while 
listening to these talks, can't block out the tears coming down my 
face...the spirit is overwhelming...i am so great full for the gospel in my 
life and the change it has helped me make to progressive towards living 
with our savior and heavenly father once again.I know this is a true principle. When we are suffering or going through 
trials... if we serve others, it lifts our hearts in the process. And both 
are people are blessed.Home destroyed by fire in 2007, laid off in 2008 and again in 2009. I have 
been helped much these past few years. Making the time to serve others, 
losing yourself in the service of the Lord, is the best balm to apply to a 
sorely tried soul.@putittogether You are a very honest man. Thank you for your words of 
wisdom and caring brother. We all can know more fully about hope and faith but we must pay the price 
of suffering from life's free trials. If we suffer enough we might just be 
able to have the faith we yearn to have. It may be suffering from our own 
foolishness but may also be from life itself. I hope ya know we had a hard 
time indicates that hope can come after enduring the trial. loved it!!!!...I remember a talk, saying when your having a hard time or 
going through your own afflictions, to loose yourself in service, and I am 
now trying to be better at serving others the best way I can :)@putittogether god bless!Amen@putittogether That is a wonderful testimony for what you believe. Thank 
you for your honesty and beautifully said. We are all suffering mormon or not! @putittogether Thank you for your integrity, you are a true man for saying 
this. Thank you for posting and thank you for the respect. @putittogether that's a really noble, manly and courageous thing to say. 
Good for you :) All the bestamen n amen!!..I'm thankful for my membership of the Church of Jesus Christ and Ladderday 
Saints. So much Love in the Church. God Bless America@georgerparker I think you meant to say "plaque" :)Have you read the Book of Mormon?"Hope ya Know I had a hard time" is a plague on my wall in my kitchen. It 
reminds me that our Father always wants to hear the heartaches we have.amen :) this was so what I needed to hear right now.man this is a cool one. Needed this. :)such a powerful message! i luv this guy:)So true. I love this church. :)I really love this video. This hits home sometimes.