awesome﻿I love the lord i to was like the Prodigal son who sinned and have Received 
a remission of my sins and have come back to my father and hope to dwell 
with him again eternally﻿This story is so awesome & comforting.﻿i bust into tears watching this teaching, it reminds me of how the Lord 
brought me back to him after so many years of back sliding, ooh how 
merciful are you Lord Jesus﻿This is one of my favourite parables. Portrays the unconditional Love of 
the Father for all His children, despite our sins.﻿This parable means two people in the church are lost in the world. The son 
that left is the son that was in the church but left for the lust of the 
world and when we came back he only didn't actually repent whole heartedly, 
he was just thinking what he could say to work himself from being a servant 
to becoming his fathers son again . The older son that was with his father 
was the person in the church who was still in the world but only showed 
works not faith, the older son showed envy and selfishness because he was 
mad that he did not get what his brother had. He told his father I was 
served you for so long and have not transgressed against your commandments. 
The older son said that he was is fathers servant , not his son! This is an 
example of us who are in the church but are in the world having to keep the 
commandments with a burden on there shoulders when it shouldn't be like 
that. Notice Jesus never finished this story... it's because we are 
prodigal sons and daughters... we finish the parable. We choose if we want 
to follow Jesus or go with the world of the devil.﻿Great job! I <3 watching these!!! :-)﻿no matter how we the children always hurt and disappoint our parents. our 
parents will always love us.
i love my parents they gave me unconditional love from birth and i will 
love them till the day i die

God the father God the son God the holy spirit AMEN﻿Such a good parable.﻿C﻿my  fave parable ever every time I read it reminds me of how Jesus spoke 
this parable to his disciples and I imagine his voice inside my mind :) 
such a beautiful parable ﻿For a musical retelling of this parable, see 
http://wandasieber.com/musicals/hidden-treasures/.  The Father sings "Back 
at Home", The Prodigal sings, "Oh, Father".  The oldest son has his say in 
"Hallelujah, Amen!" and the wrap up is in "Joy in Heaven".  The story is 
still SO applicable today!  Thanks for posting this!﻿It makes me cry happily that when I have found my way back to God, He will 
give me the finest robe, put the most expensive rings in my fingers, and 
kill the fatted calf all just for me. This part of the Bible tells us that 
God's love for all is like a love for individual. He loves us not 
generally, but individually. God's love is truly special.I was moved by the music and the piercing voice of JC. The Church videos 
are becoming so powerful these days, I'm sure these short videos are 
inspiring and helping people to focus more on the Savior's life instead our 
our's! These are all just short clips of the Saviors life. There isn't any DVD to 
buy. maybe in the future there will be something, and it will be very cheap 
to buy, but for now you will have to enjoy them like this.I was lost master but now im found, Im sorry redeem me. Thank you master 
you woke me, you let me know the error of my way, you spoke to me, it hasnt 
been easy but I rather be disciplined by you master than dead. Please I 
believe you died on the cross for this sinner, I believe you can make me 
brand new. I love you Amen He can heal you and make you brand new, go to 
him believe in him, ask for forgiveness for HaShem loves us he gave his 
only begotten son.I most often hear people making comparisons with the younger son who went 
astray and returned. There's nothing wrong with that, but I think that a 
major part of Jesus' message with this parable was, "Don't be like the 
older son."Wonderful xI like you Tyler my life was spiriling out of control~ we must forgive 
those who wrong us!! beautiful. Praise God Do you have "the Bible video" wwith longer minutes on DVD so i could place 
an order please? God is love and He will judge us through our works and the desires of our 
heart.Is lacking emotion and perception of the scriptures real feeling!Exactly! I believe that through sinning we become prodigal sons and through 
repentance and righteous living we begin the road back to our father who 
will always welcome us with open arms. Beautiful video, always beautiful story!A great video (and outstanding acting). One of the most impressive aspects 
of the story is that his father saw him while he was yet a great way off. I 
imagine him going many times each day to this spot--longing for his son to 
return. What a great lesson about how our Heavenly Father awaits our return 
from paths of sin.When he came to his father's care What did the prodigal son share? All of 
his friends so prone to stray! Oh, it was a delightful day!what many people fail to realize is that jesus was talking about the older 
son just as much as the younger. The older son is supposed to represent 
self-righteous "religious people" who see themselves as morally superior 
and expect god to give them good things because they have been "good 
people" their whole lifeI am getting up in age. This story is eternal. There will always be those 
who need to forgive and love the one who has strayed. Tomorrow it could be 
us. The test is can we love as the Saviour and do as He didWhat a beautiful way to share forgivenessThis video is so well done, showing our Lord telling the parable while also 
showing the parable itself. It touched me, as if I were watching Jesus tell 
his disciples this parable truly. So beautifully done.this is so inspirational I'm so proud to be in this church :) their songs are so beautiful Fabulous! Any Father would feel this way towards their son coming back 
which is exactly why our Heavenly Father, being perfect, feels this way 
towards us no matter where we have come from? Very well done and comforting 
video!!!When someone is trying to come back, we should all rush out to embrace them 
and make them feel every bit as loved as the they would if they were in the 
actual Father's presence. They need the support, and we are only enriched 
spiritually by having more sheep in our fold. It's like the old saying: 
"The more, the merrier!" :)Who of all was the saddest when the prodigal son came home? The fatted calf.I think at some point we are all the younger son and the older son.Christ's 
parables are so wonderfully dynamic that way and help us find correction 
and salvation from almost any circumstance!I love this parable. It's my favorite. It covers not just those who've made 
mistakes, telling them that they can always come back, but also those who 
don't make mistakes, and sometimes feel like they don't get enough credit. 
My friend joined the church, & had troubles. When she lived with us, she 
did things that if I had done, I would've gotten in a lot of trouble, but 
she no word was said against her. I got mad. I hadn't heard about the big 
brother before, & that really helped me through that.I love voice and delivery of this actor who plays Jesus. I don't even have 
to watch the video to feel the spirit of this message.Fantastic!2 people didn't read the scriptures.This story never gets old :) I love how the saviour teaches us :)Esse é um amor verdadeiro!I am striving to make the journey back to your presence. Thank you Father 
for coming out to meet me when I am still yet a long way off. a berdad no entendi nada en espanol pues corta muncho las palabras y no se 
puede leer dise una cosa y escribe otra o es mi compu pero beanlo con 
suctitulo en espanol y laberdad nada se entiende perdon si yo soy el malo 
patra leer very beautifull it always gives me alot of emotions and reminds me the love 
for our father in heaven! thanksJust beautiful.I love heavenly father. He is waiting for us all seek him. He will give us 
all he hasIn this particular video, I love the part with the father running, but 
otherwise felt a disconnect from the rest of the characters. We all can be forgiven of our sins, and be welcomed home with our Heavenly 
Father.The parable of the prodigal son beautifully summarizes the love of our 
Father in Heaven. The Bible says that "all have sinned, and come short of 
the glory of God." The Book of Mormon says that "all mankind were in a lost 
and in a fallen state, and ever would be save they should rely on this 
Redeemer." Each of us will often find ourselves in the position of the 
prodigal son. Because of the Atonement of Christ, each one of us can come 
to ourselves, repent of our sins and return to the Father. i as a single father with 3 kids., am yet to keep learning everyday how in 
trying to be a better father!!! i get the message of forgiveness that we 
all have to excersice every day in this temporal life in order to be 
forgiven from our fFther in heavenThis is one of the most inspirational stories ever told. I am so grateful 
for all those who welcome me back after mistakes I've made.beautiful beautiful beautiful I am like the younger son. I left the church for a long time and it was 
only until life had me on it's knees and I was begging for mercy that I did 
receive it from the church and the Lord. I do feel like I was once dead and 
now I am alive. It's not perfect but the Lord helps me through it.