LORD JESUS IS AMAZING HE TURNS WATER INTO WINE INCREDEBLE﻿I enjoined watching Jesus turn water into wine, its a really new wine of 
Grace and Love of Gospel.﻿1:44
*Turns water into wine*
Sits down like a boss﻿Good scene .i like how they film it .john 2 jesus The creator and savoiurs 
first miracle he turns water into wine .
Praise jesus the son of God .﻿Cana is my village. I am so proud.
Love you jesus﻿God bless ❤️﻿The six stone waterpots there, according to the 'purification' of the Jews, 
were empty.

Jesus had them filled and in the upper room He said, Mat 26:27-, "And He 
took the cup and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, 'Drink all of 
it. For this is My blood of the new covenant, which is shed for many for 
the remission of sins." ﻿What did Jesus mean when He said to His mother: "Woman, what has this to do 
with Me?  My hour has not yet come."  Why would He say that in reply to her 
saying they have no more wine.  I never understood this dialogue.﻿This clip is very well made, I have to say. Is this part of some TV series, 
or are these just short clips filmed individually?We'd settle for Jesus turning water into clean water instead of wine. clean 
water is so hard to find.CLEVER....I KNOW...ALCOHOLISM. BUT JEHOVAH'S SON OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST WILL 
ELIMINATE THIS PROBLEM TROUGH HIS KINGDOM. im muslim and i love jesus so much But his not son of Allah (God) What is the meaning of this story, or parable??YOU ARE RIGHT. The bible states in different places do not get drunk on wine, that wine is 
a mocker. In other places it states drink your wine with a merry heart. I 
think it was alcoholic it is not to be abused thoughin Jesus' time wine was fresh grape juice not the wine we drink today.This is not from a movie. These Bible videos are made individually by the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons). They come out with 
new ones every so often, and I'm sure when they are finished filming them, 
they will come out on DVD. Try viewing their channel, called "Mormon 
Channel."Please don't misinterpret the wine.do Muslims believe in Jesus?The wine in Jesus' day had alcohol--get over it! We are made righteous by 
the righteousness of Christ not our own works. Read Gal 5:1-5.Looking at it practically, fermented wine would have been the safest thing 
to drink during these times, as the alcohol would have killed most bacteria 
living in potentially contaminated waters, especially since the wine was 
likely watered down, I believe. It's naïve to think that Jesus wouldn't 
have shared the customs of the people living around him. Even Ben Franklin 
drank weak beer only 200 years ago since it was safer then his local 
stream. But I still love ya, Xtians...Jesus is the light that came into the world.I think of verses about Mary, saying that she pondered these things in her 
heart. I interpret the moment at the end of the video where she's thinking 
as her remembering the prophecies that she and her husband received from 
angels about the mission of Jesus. This was the first miracle and Mary saw 
it happen. I imagine she's realizing that the mission that her Son was 
going to do was finally beginning after thirty years. Mary would have been between 45 and 50 years old here, I think. I was 
wondering why she looked so old. She must have been a sweet lady. It's not a movie, actually. The Church has been making videos of scenes 
from the Gospels and the Book of Acts for a little over a year. They share 
common production values and the actors are the same, but it's not one 
continuous film. Jesus turns water to wine! wine symboliized his blood, the pots used to 
turn to wine were the purification pots for the temple ceremony, my 
question is this, why did Joseph then turn the wine back to water 
(sacrament)? why would he "undo" what Jesus did? there was a reason for 
wine not water. Another thing that Joseph changed that Jesus did. I didn't know that they spoke the English of the 17th century in ancient 
Israel. This is of course because Joseph Smith used the same 17th century 
language of the KJV-Bible when he made up his false books, to impress the 
simple minded. And it came to pass that people actually fell for it. Jesus have change my life too..Jesus turning water into wine, is this what convinced people that he was a 
god or a son of god? I could think of much better miracles. If I were god 
or Jesus I'd use my vast knowledge of the universe to teach everyone all 
about diseases and how to cure and prevent them. Sure Jesus/god cured a 
couple of people, but we have no way of producing Jesus spit today!In some cases, the word "wine" in the Bible refers to fresh grape juice, in 
others - the fermented product containing drugs - alcohol.You need to remember that wine in ancient times was more along the lines of 
grape juice and didn't have the same high levels of alcohol that it now 
does, added by dumping tons of fermenting herbs like hops in for example.From what movie is this scene?im a muslim girl and i dont drink wine but i would love to drink the wine 
Jesus made. those people were so lucky at that timeLord I need You! Pls help me!Another great video, it makes be ponder the Word of Wisdom from the D&C 
versus the Bible's different instructions of strong drink.You can drink but just like the bible says dont drink to become a stoop. 
Meaning getting drunk and beyond that causing you to do dumb things or say 
things that can hurt others.I don't think that's accurate but I may be wrong. Light fermenting was used 
to kill harmful bacteria and germs but was at kept at a low level. Drinking 
hard wine was discouraged and commanded against, but most wine had to 
ferment to keep it from spoiling. In some cases it was also grape juice if 
it didn't need to be stored. That's my understanding. Today we can 
pasteurize and store in fridges so grape juice would be the pure wine 
spoken of. We now know not to drink alcohol because of the W of WThey are currently filming more for the New Testament about the apostles. Grape juice is okay. The early church used wine, but received a revelation 
that they could use other liquids. Another revelation was received called 
the "Word of Wisdom" in D&C 89 which explains that alcohol is not for 
drinking but for washing. Here's a video about it. 
/watch?v=tR3Wv_x0aSs&list=PL6AC9D45C2C38D278&index=1&feature=plpp_videoI'm a Mormon. I'll explain. :) The word "wine" in Jesus's day referred to 
pure grape juice, not the alcoholic beverage people drink today. Pure grape 
juice is of course harmless and even healthy to drink, so drinking that is 
not against our beliefs. We do not however believe in drinking alcoholic 
beverages. So the wine that is alcoholic we do not drink. :)because they believe that your body is a temple, and that you shouldn't put 
anything that is bad for it, in it :)so wine is ok? To those asking, there is no full length video. At least not yet. They are 
releasing these short segments from shots they are doing in Utah. All things touched by Christ.... are exceptional !It might be eventually, right now the LDS church is just releasing new 
videos on youtube and biblevideos.lds.org.I LOVE how even this miracle testifies of the Atonement! If they had not 
run out of the lower-quality wine, then Jesus could not have performed a 
miracle and make choice wine out of mere water. That's how He is able to 
work miracles in our own lives - turning weaknesses into strengths!The Lord God is His name, even Jesus the Christ, Son of the Living God.Is this part of a something on DVD or Blu-ray?Super! how did you get film of this occasion!?I love this video! Great job... :)!