you do not need to be baptized to feel the spirit. you can feel peace in a 
beautiful place and when you are on temple grounds. go visit a nearby 
temple and I promise you can feel the spirit if you are peaceful and calm. 
ignore mean comments because I know for myself that every bit of this is 
true.﻿I got baptized and a man i never knew or even talked to, said.right after i 
came up from my Baptistism said he felted overwhelmed with the Holy spirit 
amd had to sit down and said ill bring many people to Know God. And i dont 
know how to respond to.that. its the truth im no making any of this up. 
Does anyone have any clue what that means?﻿I have felt the holy spirit before.. And what I felt is beyond words... I 
feel a deep warmth inside and I start crying tears of joy.. I feel safe and 
happy and it makes my mind go to another place... To those of you who have 
not yet felt it, give your life to the lord and he will fill your whole 
body full of his spirit and you too will be apart of us all who recognize 
the love of our JESUS CHRIST!! AMEN!!!! ﻿how about what the holy spirit can sometimes physically feel like ? To 
me,it felt like a heavy,warm,comforting sensation all over and i couldn't 
control my laughter or smile,i couldn't stop crying and saying "praise 
jesus" yeah,it's real.﻿The Mormons who came to my door the other day said the Holy Ghost was 
evidence of God.

It's evidence of something that is for sure but evidence of God I'm not 
sure.﻿If truth is based on feelings then all religions are true because all 
religious people give testimonies of feelings.  Of course not all religions 
can be true.  Every major religion claims exclusivity.  The Bible 
encourages us to TEST our faith with reason, scripture, and knowledge. 
 Strong faith is following the guidance of the Holy Spirit even when we 
don't feel like it.  A faith based on feelings is as weak and fickle and 
our feelings.  Faith should be based on the unchanging solid rock of the 
Word of God not on our sandy shifting feelings.  Feelings should never be 
an authority in our lives.  Count how many times "feel or feelings" is used 
in this video and in the comments.  I know it might make you feel warm and 
fuzzy, but ultimately it should bother us in the light of what scripture 
says about feelings.

Jeremiah 17:9 The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately 
sick; who can understand it?

1 John 3:20 For whenever our heart condemns us, God is greater than our 
heart, and he knows everything.

Proverbs 28:26 Whoever trusts in his own mind is a fool, but he who walks 
in wisdom will be delivered.

Proverbs 14:12-13 There is a way that seems right to a man, but its end is 
the way to death. Even in laughter the heart may ache, and the end of joy 
may be grief.﻿Why is it that no biblical verses were used? The D&C isn't scriptural. It's 
not a divine book. The words of your elder hold no weight when it comes to 
speaking about the HG. For some strange reason I see many similarities 
between the LDS and Islam. ﻿this video is based on fake feelings, feeling GOD'S presence around has 
nothing to do with thoughts and emotions but rather a physical experience, 
you feel a power around you as if your soul is being pulled out of your 
body that is the exp and that happens when you seek GOD , do all he asks of 
you without fail and have FAITH, many think they say ok to GOD but none 
keep his commandments or understand what the BIBLE tells them not to do 
....they want the easy way out, deceivedIt depends on the type of anointing each person has received. When the Holy 
spirit falls upon me, I feel a weight of incredible glory resting on my 
head and shoulders. Sometimes, I feel like I have touched a live electric 
wire. But always, always, I feel His incredible Love.Thank you for being Christian. I am Christian, too, and contrary to popular 
OPINION, Mormons are Christian, too. Holy Spirit = Unspeakable Joy !By the way I'm Christian, not mormon...For me I feel both just at an extreme "high" of satisfaction and 
thankfulness. I feel something almost like a rush of cold wind...not 
uncomfortable kind of cold. Almost like goose bumps but it stays :)I have a big problem with what these people are saying, for example; The 
Holy Spirit is not some "feeling" that comes over you, or a machine that 
gives you "peace" and "good thoughts". THE Holy Spirit is God, you are to 
talk to Him, you pray through Him (Ephesians 6:18). Just like you pray to 
God the Father. He is God, not some tool that helps you pray. I know that you are loved by a living God.... and that Heavenly Father has 
a plan for you. Seek not the things of this world.. Seek after truth... for 
It is the knowledge of the truth that will set you free... I would like to 
testify to you that these things are true. The visions and blessings of old 
are returning and many people are experiencing the power and gift of the 
Holy Ghost.. and I know this because I am one of them. Why is there not a single Bible verse in this video?i just want to feel the spirit cause i want to know how it feel like to 
seeing a spirit Forgive me Jesus, I forget about your love!he who feels it knows it.that's why its the Holy spirit. when u feel it u 
would know.if u got sick and the doctor told u that u had HIV would u 
question him?..eventually u would feel the symptoms then u'd know and not 
say it's probably some other illness.I replied on your comments page, sorry I didn't see this tabThank you for this wonderful video. How I love this church! This video has 
strengthened my testimony.How can you be sure what you feel is the holy spirit and not some natural 
emotion? I feel a sense of joy and contentment at times. Is that the holy 
ghost but I dont realise it?I think the Holy Spirit is way beyond the inferior comprehension of man 
that can best be described as rivers of living waters flowing from God 
springing to man Life, Light and Truth in Christ in one.Identifying the feeling of the Holy Ghost as a "thing" of God is the first 
assumption, postulate or axiom of my testimony. For me it's not complicated 
or confusing to identify peace and warmth as something from God. But the 
sometimes complicated answers I've been given using this simple peace makes 
me understand the God head has the intelligence to understand the 
complicated and confusing.@urcorrect The first thing you should understand is God, not what a spirit 
is. And it doesn't matter whether the affliction is given by a spirit or by 
every day causes. Both can behealed by the power of the Lord. As for 
identifying the Holy Ghost the scriptures tell us how to do that. I suggest 
you search them :-)@Munkers4 Yes it is Young SimHow does one determine if physical symptoms are due to spiritual 
interactions or not? Once that is determined, how does one identify the 
agent as the holy spirit? Perhaps the first question I should ask is, 
what's a spirit?This one is good! And Bednards quote is awesome! (and D&C, and ... :) )I find what people think is the holy ghost fascinating. "thoughts come to 
my mind and my feelings confirm it" ... yeah, of course you are going to 
feel good about a decision you make that falls in line with what you think 
is right@johnmarkharris He sure is and i agree with you a 100%! What they're 
talking about when they're saying "it" is the feelings that he provides us 
with!The Spirit of Lord is not just a feeling. He IS God. Just as Jesus and the 
Father are. You see all throughout the Gospel of John on how the Spirit has 
emotions and feelings himself. Don't make Him out to be something he's not.@1CuriousMew Where did you get that from? God listens to your prayers but 
an abundance of blessings come when your actions are aligned with that of 
what God wants you to do.@manderbos Think of it this way, yes the spirit doesn't leave us, but we 
depart from the spirit. We lose that feeling, because we are letting go of 
it.@1CuriousMew He listens to you.@1CuriousMew Yes, God does listen to you. He loves you. God listens to all 
sincere prayers wherever, whoever. @1CuriousMew You don't need to be baptized for him to hear you, since 
praying is used to find a good church and whether the church is true or not 
before being baptized in that church. You do have to be baptized to be able 
to have the Holy Ghost with you at all times (as long as you do your best 
to do what's right) and as a way of taking the next step to Eternal Life.@loueli1 it was created for the videodefinitley something that should always be within reach. Put this on your 
phone that way you can listen to it, but also call for a ride if you are 
not standing in holy placesThey call Him "it." He has the attributes of personhood, performs the 
actions of persons, and has personal relationships. He has insight 
(1Cor2:10-11), knowledge/intellect (Rom 8:27), will (1Cor 12:11), He 
convicts (John 16:8), performs miracles (Acts 8:39), guides (John 16:13), 
intercedes (Rom 8:26), is to be obeyed (Acts 10:19-20), can be lied to 
(Acts 5:3), resisted (Acts 7:51), grieved (Eph 4:30), blasphemed (Matt 
12:31), and insulted (Heb 10:29). He relates to the apostles (Acts 15:28).I need to figure out this song playing in the background. Does anyone know?@ckravell The Bible teaches he will never leave you nor forsake you. Holy 
Spirit will not come and go by whether your being good enough or worthy 
enough or not. Jesus said, I stand at the door and knock, have you let him 
in? He doesn't leave you, even when you sin, for how can the Spirit convict 
you to repentance if he is not there? We sin and fail others and don't even 
notice it at times, does he leave? Of course not, he loves us, he is there 
to lead, he cannot lead if he leaves.More than anything, I enjoy quiet contemplative moments where I am thinking 
of my desire to do the will of the Lord and to please him in my actions and 
to find my way as a Husband, Father of 3 and provider. As I reflect a 
lifetime of direction and comfort from the Holy Spirit, I can recount how 
the Lord will and wont guide me. How certain things are left for me to 
decide, and how certain moments are important to the Lord to voice his 
support, praise, and compassion for the choices I make. @ScoundrelStudios The music for most of the Mormon Messages is contracted 
out and written specifically for the Message it will support. A great idea 
to have a sound track...@iamblizzardandsocany this is very true, as we follow God he will shows us 
our path, and that is the path that we need to take. The trick is being in 
tune with the spirit as Jesus himself said "Howbeit when he, the Spirit of 
truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of 
himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will 
shew you things to come." (John 16:13)I appreciate listening to these comments -- they help remind me of my 
feelings when I'm being prompted or comforted by the Spirit.@jaredloveless Your yearning to want is where it all starts. Read Alma 32@ckravell You can...You have to give it space and not let the rest of the 
world scare you and stop you from doing what you shouldVerily, verily. I say unto you, I will impart unto you of my spirit, which 
shall enlighten your mind, which shall fill your soul with yoy. 0:-). thank you for this video. It was helpful and reached out and touched me. I 
give praise for our Heavenly Father and his gift of Jesus Christ and the 
Holy Ghost. This was so wonderful.For me...it's always a feeling of peace and joy. That's how I know. like this video I agree with many people on it Does anyone know where I can get this music??? I love all the music from 
these mormon messages but can't find them! Please help!Oh, I really like to know what the people are saying.. it is hard to 
lipread their lips. Can you add the captions someday? I really enjoyed the 
quotes, though.Great video. I love the gospel. Also, Is the black guy one of the guys in 
Teach Me How to Jimmer?I think its sad I can't bear my testimony of these principles.wow my biggest wish is to feel the holy spirit within me :)I feel overwhelming peace and joy in knowing that with all the turmoil, 
trials, torment, grief and pain I might experience in this life, or 
regardless of how often opposition might attack my beliefs, the Holy Spirit 
is that one thing that nobody can take away from me. It's the glue that 
keeps my testimony intact. The Spirit is not merely a "good feeling"'. It's 
the fruits of the Spirit (love, joy, peace) that keeps me coming back for 
more!first comment =D. i love gods plan =D.The warm feeling I get makes me happy, it really makes a difference in my 
life.I love this ! 3 I would be lost without my Savior and the guidance of the 
spirit.Good Job FriendsMatthew 5:6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after 
righteousness: for they shall be filled. 3 Nephi 12:6 6 And blessed are all 
they who do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled 
with the Holy Ghost.It is a pity how I haven't felt the spirit in a long long time... I really 
wish I can go back on the right path and have the spirit once more with me. awesome!For me, I feel the spirit most when I'm moving forward with goals that I've 
set for myself. An analogy I've heard before is it's easier to move a 
rolling stone, than to get one rolling. For me, I experience the spirit as 
a thought to do something that I've been taught is good, but that is hard 
to do, or involves a change within myself or in how I'm living my life. 
When I act on those thoughts I've felt a great joy in my heart confirming 
the truth of the principle behind that action.That is a very awesome video. It is indeed difficult sometimes to 
understand the impressions of the spirit. It is different in so many ways 
from experience to experience. Sometimes, for me, it is simply the teacher 
for experiences past, that helps me reflect on what I did, and then what I 
felt, so I can remember what to look for in my heart next time I come 
across another similar experience. BTW, Sim's shirt is awesome!The Spirit speaks to me with peace and always if I have a problem and the 
spirit guides me with it, it just seems to make sense. The spirit 
enlightens me and gives me perspective.Watching this makes me feel the spirit , makes me feel that this path is 
right and because i have felt it , those chills :)When I feel the spirit, it feels like angels are massaging my heart. I never get tired of these videos! I have emersed myself in prayer and scripture study and recieved a clairity 
of thought and peace that has let me know how to deal with descisions I 
have been struggling to make and praying about. I believe these times are 
the most obvious times that the spirit has spoken to me. I love these videos they make you feel closer to the holy ghost. Thank you 
for making them.