Vorrei sentirlo in italiano﻿A story that will never be forgotten through all generations of time and 
throughout all eternity, amen.﻿HOW CAN YOU VOTE DOWN TO JESUS HE IS THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD.﻿joy to the world﻿Merry Christmas to all my brothers and sisters worldwide in Christ. We do 
indeed serve a Mighty God ! ﻿Wouldn't all of us, if we had a chance, go back in history; and re-live all 
of the events--all were awesome--in the life of our Savior? I love them 
all!!﻿Beautiful - Thank You!﻿Absolutely beautiful video of great joy, the Spirit of Christmas - He 
Lives ﻿Love this, so greatful for the gospel to know the true Saviour of the 
World! :)﻿Jesus Christ is the literal Son of God made into flesh, that he might 
experience life as a mortal, where he then could succor all who believe on 
His Name. I am thankful He came here to earth that I might learn by 
following him how to find my way home where I came from with God the 
Eternal Father. It starts with Baptism for a remission of your sins, for he 
suffered in the Garden that we would not have to suffer, if we would come 
to Him on bended knee and repent of our sins with a humble heart and 
contrite spirit, and know he will take the pain of our sins as we rise from 
our knees as a new person with a new direction in Christ.﻿i love you jesus This was a beautiful First Presidency Devotional. I'm grateful for having 
been able to attend. BEAUTIFUL PRESENTATION Oh God , this is beautiful :)I so love the background music! It accentuates the beauty of the bible! Seek, and you will find. Knock and the door will be opened. With sincerity 
you seek, and with sincerity, it will be given to you. I testify that the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the only true church of God, 
in the name of my Lord Jesus Christ, Amen.No soundOne major difference is a belief in The Book of Mormon as another book of 
scripture along with The Bible. Another is a belief in a restoration of 
Christ's church, that the authority of God was taken away for a time. 
Another, is that families can be families in the traditional sense after 
this life, and that children who die without baptism are not damned. Again, 
that the Godhead consists of three separate individuals, and that two of 
them have tangible bodies. Yet, there is also much in common.merry christmas this is the true meaning of christmas i love being a member 
of the church of jesus christ of ladder day saints.Merry Christmas to all whom believe in Jesus Christ, Amen!Was this actual footage?what is the difference between momorns and catholic??? This is very nice.Merry Christmas to all and pray for the 14 or so that dislike this video so 
the spirit of the Lord may touch their hearts some how. cheapskate you copied top commentTis true! He is our light and our guide. He is the Prince of Peace!This is my favorite story of all. Merry christmas to all of youMerry Christmas everyone ^^ ♥ the power of ur love :)i really love you jesus ....... merry christmas everyoneThat is high definition.Merry Christmas!Merry Christmas to all of you!I am grateful for the Lord Jesus Christ and the inspired words of this 
message. Merry Christmas﻿ to all and God bless.I love videos like this. i find that when i forget, or that my mind is not 
on the savior this brings me back real quick. I love being Mormon and will 
never deny that i know that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints 
is true. At Christmas I love to just ponder about the life of Jesus Christ, our 
Savior. This movie helps me think more about Him. When I think about Him, 
my faith in Him is renewed and strengthened. With Jesus Christ, nothing is 
impossible. He heals. He forgives. He blesses.A true path to glad tidings and great joy I LOVE U JESUSWe're happy to be LDS...=) Merry Christmas!Iʻm Budddhist@Kristey Jensen...at the end of the video it says it's from "The Life of 
Christ Bible videos" made by the church. I don't think I've seen them 
before either. They must be relatively newish. Will have to seek them out 
too!I don't think there's a movie, but see the Bible Videos playlist on the 
Mormon Channel or lds.org.I don't think there is a complete movie, but there is a playlist of short 
clips depicting the life of the Savior called Bible Videos on the Mormon 
Channel and on lds.org. There's also a great music video of "O Come, O Come 
Emmanuel" with the Piano Guys with footage from these clips.what movie are these scenes taaken from?? i would like to watch the entire 
movie before ChristmasIt is so nice to find light filled inspiring joyful messages in this world 
today. Thank you.Nice!!! This is beautiful!ang ganda nmn so exita this video !!! Amazing...perfect video to capture the true meaning and reason for 
Christmas.The only acceptable gift we can bring to the greater High Priest in the 
order of Melchizedek as an offering for our sins is ... "a broken heart and 
a contrite spirit"...Christ is the light who guide us to our Eternal 
Father,He is my Saviour,He is my Redeemer,He is my Lord,He is my King...My 
whole life is in his hands.the birth of Jesus is just wonderful wonderfulI am grateful for the Lord Jesus Christ and the inspired words of this 
message. Merry Christmas to all and God bless.