that is the reason I will be baptise on the 15 th of feb 2015 in London 
Ontario ward one﻿Mormons believe in honesty, fidelity, compassion, humility, accountability, 
ethical behavior and treatment for all. If that's so bad, then I guess we 
all would be like them. God bless ﻿Oh my gosh! Haha! The main girl in this, she was a sister missionary in my 
ward!! ﻿The music in this sounds a lot like the piece "forbidden friendship" from 
"How to Train your Dragon"﻿this is great :). yes this is a video contest winner because of the lessons 
that we can learn. :). this taught us to be Honest as best we can. I am a 
Mormon, and I am blessed for the things i Learned.  Yes, honesty is the best policy, God say's in the bible don'tget 
jealousthe waysoftheunrighteos if they easily get succed without 
hardship................. where are you getting your information? If you want to know about us, ask 
us! Start b y going to mormon.orgCRYSTAL I see you!!!!! I'm proud to say that I know a movie star.to LastHouseReviewSt, the church is perfect not the people in it. Some 
Mormons aren't the best of people, but it doesn't mean that the Church in 
the whole is bad. I respect you're opinion, also Mormons have more then 
just good morals.Good thing we won't know who's saved and who isn't until the second coming 
of the Lord, and that none of us gets to decide who is saved except The 
Judge of Israel, even Jesus Christ!!People fear what they don't understand. "Mormonism is a really complex 
theological system. All its parts fit together beautifully. But if you just 
know a little bit about one of them, or part of them, it seems wierd." Dr. 
Jan Shipps (Prominent Non-Mormon Scholar on Mormonism) Everything we 
believe is in the Bible and The Book of Mormon, we study both often and 
believe them to be true. The bible is not 100% complete, look up apocryphal 
text, Council of Nicea, and Nicene CreedNo one is attempting to steal your freedom of speech (even if your comments 
have been removed in the past that does not constitue as a restriction on 
your freedom of speech, youtube is not a government institution). That 
being said I and most other Mormons gladly welcome people from outside of 
our faith to challenge and investigate Mormon beliefs. You stated that 
there is supposed to be more to a religion other then good morals, I agree 
100% and welcome any questions that you have.This was a contest winner video?? Wow. Very well done!Comment Part 2: Though I did not stand or speak, I felt reassured in my 
knowledge, that I had studied hard for the test. True, I did not know every 
answer, but I knew something more important: I had not sacrificed my 
dignity, respect, or integrity for the answers to one high school test. 
When I am honest, I feel the freedom from guilt that it offers. <3Comment Part 1: In high school, I had an anatomy and physiology class, 
where we had to learn some 250 or more parts of the body. We had an 
in-depth test on all the parts of the heart, and other things besides. Our 
teacher had to leave the room to check on a lab we would be using later on 
during the class. After he left, nearly everyone in the room pulled out 
worksheets, papers, and other materials to cheat.@carolineshinee You're awesome! Great message that should be heard! Inspires me to continue to shrug when 
people ask me the answers to questions on tests! :)Thank you for having this video captioned. :)I felt the His Spirit as i watched this video. I am so blessed to be 
reminded of keeping this principle always.Wow... this video really motivated me... and like all your other videos, it 
really touched my heart@GaryKColeman TRUE!! but its there loss for not listening to the message:)So few will stand up for what is right. So GOOD to hear the good stories. 
Not enough in the news!Wow! it seems that our society has gone too low that for some people is 
almost impossible to see the importance of these high standards. Let us NOT 
give in, let us be an example of true followers of the savior Jesus Christ. 
Yo creo en Cristo y EL es mi rey.NeatThis is wonderful teaching. Congratulations to whoever made this and won the contest. You did a 
fantastic job-- and I love the inclusion of the medical school story. A 
powerful message! Congratulations again! It was awesome! What a wonderfully simple reminder.he sounds like a white morgan freeman :)I just loved this video :)Cheating isn't bad because it is forbidden, it is forbidden because it is 
bad!Honesty always pays over the long haul!@guaranic I agree. Truth, ethics, and morality transcend religion. It's all 
about individual character. I'm not Mormon, but I certainly can appreciate 
their universally positive messages.CHEATERS make best students turn into the worst students. It is like a 
poison poured into the pot of smelliest flowers. Just so you know;-(( don't 
cry later in life if you have started doing cheating or following what 
mates do while teachers turn their back or read papers. it is a disease, 
and who would want to be sick of this virus? i guess 'no one" . Do no 
cheat, get bad grades but stay honest as your parents would want you to be. 
Keep the path that your elders passed and make others see laterthis is win for everyone in societyIm not a mormon, nor am I even a religious person... To be honest I clicked 
on this to have a good laugh, sorry to say thats why i clicked... but then 
after watching this, it actually touched me and made my day. thank youThis is a message that is only to true you get so much more out of doing 
things in life on your own!You don't need to be a mormon to have basic human principles of decencyThat looks like a seminary room with maps posted on the wall xP But it 
makes sense to make a video with seminary students because other students 
may not be confortable with being in a church video and most lds people in 
seminary will be will willing to uphold modesy. ;D@SpiritofNes I think that if you respect yourself enough and you respect 
God, you will always be honest. And when you're not, there is the wonderful 
gift of repentance. When there is dishonesty there is a lack of trust. And 
we ALWAYS need trust in our lives. When there is not trust you rely on 
completely on yourself and that is not why God sent us here. Satan tries to 
tempt us that we are alone. But God is always there. @TheFifthGreatApe It completely relates to being a Mormon. The values 
promoted in the messages are universal values, and by holding to them 
anyone can become a better person, whether Mormon or not. The reason these 
messages are here is because the world is changing and some of these values 
are being changed or lost. It's not always easy or popular to be honest, 
kind or chaste. The church wants to promote these values and let us know 
that they will always stay the same and stay important. @TheFifthGreatApe It and all other videos relate to being "Mormon" because 
they follow along with Mormon beliefs and principals of being a good person 
by being honest, pure, kind, loving, forgiving ect "Not one moral value 
judgement made seems to be specifically at its basis, Mormon" that is 
correct, because these beliefs are not specific to Mormons but all good 
people in general. The Purpose of the "And I'm A Mormon" videos is to show 
people how Later Day Saints really are and what they believeAs an Atheist, I don't understand how this is a so called Mormon message, 
but this is a good message no doubt.Marvelous! Understand this, people who dislike this video must not know how to be 
honest or does not want to be honest.Very well done. Thank you for the post. @SpiritofNes You only can't be honest if you decide that you can't.@TheFifthGreatApe You are correct; morals ARE for everyone, but in this day 
and age it seems like almost no one has them... or they pick and choose 
when having them is important. We believe that All of them are important to 
have All the time. You don't have to be LDS (Mormon) to have morals. We are 
simply proclaming that WE believe in having them and we teach them in our 
homes and in our meetings. :)@TheFifthGreatApe That's the idea! :) Life shouldn't be separated into 
little categories. Secular is spiritual. Spiritual is secular. Good is good 
because it's good. And we all should strive for that, whether we're Mormon 
or not.I'm a Baptist Christian and I approve this message! LolBravo! As a high school teacher, I give you two thumbs up.This is a great video with a great message... ...but again, how does this 
relate to being a Mormon? How is this a message about Mormon values and not 
Secular ones? I'm still not 'getting it' I suppose, I've watched a lot of 
these videos and the same message comes across on each one of them... "Be 
good, have values, participate with the community, have respect... and I'm 
a Mormon." Not one moral value judgement made seems to be specifically at 
its basis, Mormon. They are all secular. Peace.how bout this, i watched it. disliked it. not because it's from a religion, 
but because to make it in this world you can't always be honest. be good be happy be bad be sadThis is a wonderful message, beautifully presented. Dishonesty hurts 
everyone, but particularly the person who is being dishonest. @tylertrumpet12 It Has everything to do with being a mormon. Our church is 
founded on these principals. However you are right in a cirtain perspective 
(you dont have to be a mormon to be honest, and quite frankly no one is 
perfect even in our church, thus not all mormons are perfectly honest.) The 
point of the church is to help the members be the best they can be, to 
learn, and to grow as human beings.great message as always thanks sonia&familyGreat work on the video! I can really see why you won. Honesty is 
definitely a forgotten virtue in so many ways nowadays. But it only takes 
one person setting a good example to start change, like the medical student 
in the video. Good job.@GaryKColeman I'm athiest, but I agree with some of the messages, so, I 
don't dislike. This one I hit dislike by accident.beautiful video!!! :) thanks a lot!! Honesty is the best choice always! was gonna send one to you's but this one is ABSOLUTLY AWESOME! Congrats :)I MSS PRES.FAUST. HE WAS TRULY A DISCIPLE OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST. I AM 
GRATEFUL FOR HIS COUNSEL WHILE HERE ON EARTH. I HOPE I LIVE WORTHILY TO BE 
ABLE TO MEET HIM AGAIN AFTER THIS LIFE. I ADMIRED HIM FOR HIS INTERGRITY, 
COMPASSION, WISDOM & LOVE HE SHOWED. CORANETTA GREER@dwzobell It is also possible that those people "dislike" everything put 
out by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. And they troll the 
LDS sites so they can mark "dislike" without even hearing the messages.I like how that had nothing to do with being a mormon. You can be any other 
religion (or lack religion) and still be a good person and be honest.This has been heavey on my heart. Thank you. Also, it is so true... in the 
end we are only in competition with ourselves. I will show this to my kids. I want them to gain the blessings of honesty 
throughout their lives.I needed a great message like this. Thanks!What a great message for our day! Thanks for putting this together and 
congratulations on winning the award. It is so nice to see something 
positive on YouTube! Something to build up and not destroy. Something to 
educate and uplift instead of just entertain. I look for more messages like 
this one. Two people don't like this video!? I hope they are not my future doctor, or 
a business partner... But I can't worry about them, only myself. Thanks to 
the people that put this video together!!! 