I needed this right now with many hards days this past mth! I rely on the 
atonement and love of my beloved Savior to wake up and endure with much 
prayer, fast, scripture study, and listening to beautiful talks as 
this!!!!! I know where to find peace and joy😇❤️ Not always easy, but it is 
a choice to be happy!﻿i loved it!!!﻿My family has been through so much and I have caught myself doubting so 
much, but it seems like every time I watch this video a flood of emotion 
and calmness spreads through me. I can feel the Holy Ghost resting his hand 
on my shoulder telling me that it is going to be okay. All I have to do is 
keep my faith. Things are going to be hard and things will probably get 
worse, but if I just wait and believe, it is going to get better. He is 
going to guide us to where we are supposed to be, just give Him time and he 
will give you joy and eternity.﻿how do we download it?﻿This is a beautiful reminder of our paths as disciples of Him who suffered 
all things. I'm so grateful to know that all trials in my life can be 
overcome thanks to the Atonement of the Lord Jesus Christ.﻿I been having doubts.. Those doubts shrink away after watching this.﻿Give me mountains to climb! Give me dragons to fight! Let me strive, one 
more time, to do what is right.﻿This is such a beautiful video. The message is absolutely amazing and each 
time I watch this video and hear the words of President Eyring I feel the 
spirit so strongly to the point where I get choked up and cry. Trials are 
there to build us up, and even though we may not see it yet, they help us 
grow. The trials in our lives are there for a reason. The Savior knows 
exactly what it is we're going through. We can pray and ask for help or 
guidance to make it through this trial we might be enduring. We're never 
alone, and even though the times may be tough, weather it be dealing with 
the crazy world we live in moving farther and farther away from Christ or a 
personal dealing, Jesus Christ will be there for us always. I know from 
personal experience that the trials we face do give us experience and are a 
blessing in our lives. I love this video and every time I watch it, I am 
reminded of God's love for me :)﻿Thank you very much for sharing these videos they really mean a lot﻿Wow i cried hard at this one﻿So powerful! Does anyone know what music they used in this? Like the artist 
or song name?﻿The part where the guy gets his girl those flowers is awesome ﻿i like this show﻿That scene where the Mother who was anxious to leave sees her son praying 
totally got me teary eyed. Thanks for sharing this video. ﻿This video is a constant reminder that the lord is and always will be here 
for us. He will guide us and strengthen us. He will answer our prayers and 
bless us in every wet possible. I am so blessed to be a member of this 
church and so blessed to have Jesus Christ as my Savior. ﻿Because of the Atonement of Jesus Christ and His perfect love we can get 
through any trial, we can overcome any weakness, I have faith in Him and 
know that He is close by.... ﻿I love this church so very, very much.﻿I cry EVERY TIME I SEE THIS VIDEO. ﻿This video was exactly what I needed this morning. May you have a feeling 
of warmth in your heart and soul and never forget Heavenly Father is always 
there and is always ready to listen to your pleas. I bear testimony that 
this is true.﻿Do you ever share the music scores behind the Mormon Messages?﻿I'm grateful that this video was suggested to me. My dear Mom suddenly 
passed away like 10 days before we go to the Temple and seal as a family, 
That was the dream I had after my mission. We prayed much and worked hard 
for the Temple journey.(Where I live, we don't have a Temple) I was heart 
broken and feeling numb! Because my Mom is not just my Mom, she was my Best 
friend too, she was well prepared and was a wonderful example to me and 
Dad. We went to the Temple without my dear Mother, I had a feeling she'd be 
there in the Temple in spirit. In the Temple Dad and I felt the peace and 
we got sealed as a family. However few weeks later, I was tempted to 
question God why my mom had to leave the earth before we go to the Temple, 
and I was having the most depressing time when my mom passed away, because 
nothing was working right in my life, but my dear Mother always encouraged 
me, things will work fine after going to the Temple. However my faith got 
shaken a lot. I didn't question God anymore because I felt like He has 
forgotten me. I wan't so bothered to go to the Church on Sundays or read 
scriptures. My prayers became much shorter.I was very unforgiving and got 
mad easily and I was looking for peace and happiness in other ways than the 
Christs way, It was today I felt the Spirit after going to the Temple. *Thank 
you sooo much for this video!* I really want to be the person I used to be, 
this little video just helped me to take a baby step. :) Now I'm gonna 
clean and tidy up my room and going to listen some GC talks and read 
scriptures. I know my Heavenly Father and earthly Father and my dear Mom in 
the Spirit world going to be very happy about this. Thank you, Thank you 
soooo much for sharing this.G'day! :)﻿Mormons believe that Jesus Christ lived and taught us how to live, and died 
for us, suffering more than can be understood my the human race, to open 
the path so we can return to Him.  We believe in Christ, we rejoice in 
Christ, we follow Christ, we trust Christ, we know Christ is the mediator 
with the Father in Heaven and have faith in them Both.﻿Juice box, explained a little deeper.. i want to understand more deeper 
before I write my thoughts to make understand.. I hate it when I express my 
feelings and people jump straight to an answer.. are you saying that it 
just doesn't seem right doesn't add up becausein the world it so fast 
pause, not what the world teach or? Or bbecause you tried that and it 
didn't seem yo help?﻿This video has given me much today; I am deeply touched by it.  Reminds me 
that even when life is difficult and challenging that there is hope and 
purpose...   It is so easy to say "Why me?" - I know I have many times.  
Someone once said to instead ask: "Why not me?"  It has helped me many 
times. ﻿I love that I just found a reason not to give up for watching this again I 
haven't been able to cry tears of joy in a long time and I never feel as 
strong as when I feel a joint testimony with mine with solemn witness as 
fervent as the one that I have felt in my own trials. Hallelujah!﻿what song is this?! please someone help me! :(Lord has many way he worksBeautiful messageThis made me cry because I feel the saviors love in my life. God help us 
all to have faith in him in our trialsthank you shay <3This is one of my favorite videos! Thank you Heavenly Father for your love 
and unfailing word! I love being Mormon!what song is this? thanks!Thank you Shay Carl xxamen Because we know its true, Nothing else matters. Even if u believe or not u 
cant change the truth.Thank you @SHAYTARDS. This is a great video. My god bless the ShaytardsThis is beautiful. Thank you ShayCarlI'm not a Mormon but I do believe in the holy father thank you shay Carl 
for sending me here really touched my heartThere is a Native American lesson that has helped me when in the same 
situation. Inside you are 2 wolves, 1 good and 1 not so good, both 
competing to influence your decisions. When a young man asked how to let 
the good wolf win the Elder replied "The wolf that wins is the one you 
feed." I found that the more positive things I put into myself, (music, 
videos like this, books, Scriptures...etc) then the "good wolf" inside me 
tends to win much more :) Good luck to you God loves you so much.THANK SHAY CARL HE SENT MOST OF US HEREThis video is a blessing-inspirational.Glad you sent me here.Thank you Shay. This video was touching.Praise God This really touched me<3Powerful videoThank you Shay Carl.Everyone has done something bad.. do you think we all dont deserve to be 
good anymore? You gave the person you were bad to a test in life wich he 
learned from and you need to learn from your mistakes and be a good person 
without any guilt. we are on this earth to understand ourselfs.Being a good person doesnt mean bad things wont happen to you.. you might 
be a good person but u are on this earth to learn a certain thing and god 
tests us but through hard times we understand ourselfs and grow. If you 
dont learn from your mistakes it will keep on repeating untill you learn 
it. we are on earth not heaven, we are here to learn about ourselfs and 
existence and that we are all one then go to heaven where we all belong.Those goosebumps and feelings in your heart, we like to call the holy 
spirit of Christ, gently reminding us of the good in the world and allowing 
us to feel what is right and wrong and connects us all as spiritual 
brothers and sisters. I'm a believer in the Universe and a higher power and I am not Mormon, but 
this gave me immense goosebumps that touched my heart and I cried very 
happy tears. Our souls connect all of us. I felt it right now. Thanks, 
Shay. Thank you Shay awesome video thank you so much shay carl Grew up Mormon, not practicing (still have a lot of Mormon beliefs) and I 
started bawling when he left the flowers on the table. Good message for 
Mormons and non Mormons.Thank you shay for showing me something amazing. Satan wants you to feel like there is no going back. We can repent through 
the Atonement of Christ. He welcomes us with open arms. You deserve to feel 
the love and happiness that being good brings! in Ezekiel 37:15 onwards it talks about 2 'sticks' we believe one is the 
bible and the other the book of Mormon ,john 10:16 talks about other sheep 
that Jesus had to minister to which we believe are the people of the 
Americas, there are many references but of the top of my head they are the 
2 that I remember. hope that helps you a little. They have a very powerful message that will also touch your heart! I may not be Mormon, but this is truly powerful and moving. It made my day 
better.I am not Mormon but I do believe in Jesus Christ. This is a beautiful 
message and something that I really needed to hear. Thank you.Thank You Shaycarl ♥ you'll never know how this video helped me .I still don't understand how in these awful times, people still believe in 
God and heaven...it's like believing there's a papa Noel to me..What talk is this from? Great message and true too.if your religion doesn't hurt anyone, you're not a radical and it makes you 
and your family happier as a whole, you can believe in whatever you want as 
far as I'm concernedshaytards brought me here. thank you to this great family. I am a 
nonbeliever but my heart is empty, I feel it. The more I listen, I wait for 
the change, because I know change takes time. This family showed me how to 
live in bliss and how to have faith. thank you so muchI am not a mormon but this is extremely inspiring!Thank you Shay Carl for sending me here. I am not Mormon but I do believe 
that Christ can pull us through any hardship. We just need to talk to him. 
Prayer can do amazing things if we take the time to not only talk but 
listen too.I felt luckyidk i try to be good, but ive been bad before and it almost feels like i 
dont deserve to be good anymore :/watch the video IF WE COULD SEE INSIDE OTHER PEOPLES HEARTS its very very 
moving This is such a beautiful video and I cry when watching it <3 im so glad the 
people who needs somethings to belive in has it :DMe and my boyfriend had a fight last night... and I had quite the 
embarrassing melt down, as I cried I asked god to help me and to tell me 
what to do. Today one of my favorite youtubers shared this video... Yes because of religion. Because religion specifically is corrupting our 
government.Shay Carl Butler sent me to this video. I am going through many trials in 
my life with my health and this was very uplifting. Have to believe that 
there is a purpose for me and my trials and one day I will be with our 
Lord. I am not scared to die but scared to leave my loved ones in pain when 
I go. I know one day I will see them all again in heaven. Thanks to Shay 
for sharing this video.Do you guys (Mormons, Christians, religious people) care if your religion 
is true? Do you realize there are thousands of religions, some long 
forgotten, others younger, and most of them don't agree on fundamental 
things.They can't all be true. Please don't ignore the dark side of 
religions and the pain they can cause. Don't forget the groups of people 
who suffered because of religion from african americans, women, jews, gays, 
molested children, slaves and many more. I care about the truth.That was beautiful..I dont get it :(Thank you shaycarl, you dont need to be religious to be touched by this. I 
am not at all but this helped me.. thank you shayIf god exist, why is there poor children and aids?even if u r not mormon this vidio is very touching and brings hopethis helped me a lot, i'm not mormon, i'm a christian but the message of 
this video is gorgeous. As someone who's not religious in any way, can someone explain to me why 
they rely on this so much? Why do you not have it in you to be strong on 
your own? Why do you need prayers instead of taking action? I don't 
understand it. Every part of this video made sense to me and was touching 
except that it completely relies on having faith in some unknown entity. 
Why is being human and being alive not enough?