The Church Of Jesus Christ Of Latter Day Saints is the restored church here 
on earth in these latter days.The book of mormon is another testament of 
Jesus Christ for instance Lehi,Nephi,Moroni,mormon these mens testamonies 
of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.The book of mormon contains the 
fullness of the everlasting gospel along with the old and new testament 
known as the king james version.Joseph Smith was visited by our Heavenly 
Father and the lord Jesus Christ to restore the church on the earth in 
these latter days once again before the return of our lord and savior Jesus 
the Christ so my brothers and sisters repent our savior is coming in these 
latter days!﻿We have to remember my brother our Heavenly Father loves all his children 
here on earth and would love for you to return to the fold of The Church Of 
Jesus Christ Of Latter Day Saints.Our Savior Jesus Christ said follow me i 
am the way of the truth and life.Repent and return my brother and do the 
will of our Heavenly Father and his son Jesus the Christ. The adversary 
will is distruction. Come back to the rod of iron my brother because 
straight and narrow is the way that leads back to the tree of life which is 
the atonement of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.﻿+cameron whipple There's no button to reply to you so I'm just posting in 
general. There are two talks you should read that will really help you 
learn to be in control of yourself and not let temptation rule you. 
https://www.lds.org/general-conference/1974/10/good-habits-develop-good-character?lang=eng
https://speeches.byu.edu/talks/larsen-dean-l_thoughts-thoughts/﻿I have done some things in my life I'm not proud of and I fell back into 
some of those things. I hate myself for being weak and being in the certain 
profession I'm in I cant let this weakness get to me. Listening to music 
like this reminds me what Heavenly Father did for me in basic. and I turned 
my back on the promise I made. Any advice would be loved and very helpful 
in my life. Please help a weak man find his strength again.﻿i love this song﻿I remember my mother every Sunday when we go to church. She can't hear 
anything. But when they sing she's sing like she's know all the words. 
Mother I missed and I love you. I know you're happy where you are.﻿this is my favor song﻿Beautiful﻿I do not understand it but I just keep trusting my Good Shepherd because I 
know He will not lead me anyplace He does not want me to follow﻿Amazing song.
It is just closing our eyes and talk with God.﻿Love this song﻿Making weak things strong, please read for anyone who needs help overcoming 
a weakness 

https://www.lds.org/ensign/2004/12/making-weak-things-become-strong?lang=eng

﻿Joseph,,when we sin we are chastized on occasion by the Lord. I just joined 
the Mormon church in September after being out of church ten years. At no 
time did God forsake me in those ten years & he has fully restored me to 
fellowship of the Holy Ghost in his people. My joy is full & the peace of 
being forgiven fills my heart. Don't give up on yourself or God. He does 
not quit working on any of us.﻿We sang this at a baptism on Saturday and I have been obsessed with it ever 
since <3. So beautiful in melody and meaning <3.﻿Lord, I would follow thee. I am so grateful for the Church. I am grateful 
for the gospel and the Lord's teaching. As a teacher in the Aaronic 
Priesthood, I strive to live worthily in order to serve a mission and 
eventually get married in one of the many beautiful temples. Lord, I would 
follow thee.Awesome!It is like heaven...like being in the presence of His Majesty...among the 
saints who have toiled and are now in eternal glory. The Motab, the Lord is 
your strength!It's okay.Its all about daily Book of Mormon study combined with prayer. Work with 
your Bishop & the missionaries. Everything is worth the peace & joy that 
comes from being close to the Savior.you can find strength in the lord Tyson...and you can do it friend! I was inactive for most of my life, over a year ago I realized that it was 
time to come home to my savior. I just went through the holy temple for the 
first time this week. I've never been closer to God in my life and testify 
to you with all my heart, with him all things are possible. My life was in 
in the abyss and now I'm in the light. You can do this, have faith and the 
Lord will provide that way my friend! my tears is fall down when i viewed this choir , i am a mormon but i am not 
an active as before but i try my best .I feel like a sinner. Today IS Tuesday, July 16, 2013. It IS NOW AROUND 
9:20 p.m.. I feel like a VERY HUGE sinner, BECAUSE I AM VERY addicted to 
the computer/internet, and I am VERY lazy. I AM a member of The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. I NEED to start following the Lord, and 
I NEED to start being more active, and start serving/helping more people 
and get more exercise. I NEED YOUR help! I NEED EVERYONE'S help! PLEASE 
help! Maybe I SHOULD start, TOMORROW! Thanks! Bye!The Mormon Tabernacle Choir is my "idol" how I wish I am given the 
opportunity to visit watch them live. If not only in heaven!! Mormo Tabernacle Choir is the best. All are professional singers. I loved 
it. 