Yes amen﻿I am thankful for you wonderful ladies in the church. The relief society 
has brought me such joy. So many wonderful motherly shoulders for me to cry 
on when going through my struggles. Thank you all!Seekers of truth? Look at the video by the church with this title: "The Women in Our Lives" I 
believe in, honor, and support the divinity of women. I bear testimony that 
the leaders of the LDS Church honor women to their best ability. I honor my 
wife, daughter, mother and grandmother for their influential roles in my 
life. I am a Mormon.awesome song,,,,, How does the LDS church not live up to their proclaimed standards of truly 
honoring women and children?this means nothing to me I am happy to be in a church that honestly makes 
me feel warm and good....if you knew me you would know that is a hard 
feeling to come by. These versus can be true for any church especially the 
catholic with taking worship from christ and god and giving it to apostles, 
mary, and objects. I read the bible first ..... then before i was a LDS 
member i read the book of mormon. and it more than anything preached the 
truth of the bible and gods love. Just be happy for others whats the song in this video? and this is a beautiful msg Think of the powerful difference it would make in this world if women 
everywhere knew of their divine potential and worth as these women do!i don't see those scriptures passages from the bible to be against the book 
of mormon. surely you haven't read the book of mormon that's why you are 
judging it. you cannot use the word of God against him.Great video. It really got me. And I'm not a daughter of God! But I am 
single and I can relate! This was totally uplifting and just what I needed.Galatians: He wanted us to put the doctrine that the apostles taught (and 
teach) before the teachings of some other person. The verses you mentioned 
don't comment on the Book of Mormon. First Thessalonians: These verses 
again don't comment on the Book of Mormon, but they do thank a group in 
Thessalonia for converting after hearing the words of the apostles. Your 
Cor. reference again makes no commentary on the Book of Mormon. This one is 
Paul speaking about certain customs of hair and grooming.Maybe they are having a bad day.Kat Hammond. Through Heavenly Father and him only shall you recieve 
revalation about the truths of the book of Mormon another testiment of 
Jesus Christ which goes hand in hand with the Holy Bible. We believe in 
Christs restored church on Earth which was lost after the death of the 
Apostles or what is called the great apostisies. Through prayer and asking 
of Heavenly Father do we recieve our testimonies, it is something that can 
not be forced apon nor suggested only through prayer an open heart.I like this video, because it shows women from all around the world.identity,,, i am a daughter of Heavenly Father, so I can make a difference!!PEACE ...check out these verses people and tell me what christ wanted us to 
understand about the book of mormon Galatians 1: 1-15 2 Thesalonians 2: 
9-16 2 Corinthians 11: 3-4 and 13-15 I want to know your opinion on these 
things and was christ and his approved deciples write about them amenIt is so wonderful to know I am a daughter of a Heavenly father and I can 
rise up to the potential I know he gives me. I'm so grateful to be a member 
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and of the worldwide 
sisterhood of Relief Society.People that dislike this, dislike the fact that there is nothing damning or 
demeaning towards men or to ridicule anything. This message is pure and 
true to the organization of women in the LDS church organization. And this 
is the best organization to create a society or greatness and compassion to 
the community and the world; it is praise worthy.@ snowmansgt 2 Nephi 2:11 "there is an opposition in all things"Outstanding and IMPORTANT message about the strength of women of the 
restoration. No surprise to me - as a man - that the gospel flourishes - we 
see WHY in this video. Incredible and inspiring music btw.I am so greatful for my Heavenly Father. I know he loves me and my family. 
He gives me so much love and the way I know how to return his love is by 
loving and caring for my family. Giving back to them what God gives to me. 
I have learned so much from the church and from those wonderful sisters who 
have shown me so much love. I know my family loves me and my God and Father 
loves me. I know God made me special. I truly enjoyed the videos.simple beautiful! Can't wait to use this in RS! I like to play this video over and over again every day, so I get it in my 
head and always remember the words. It is true. It is powerful. We are 
daughters of God and He loves us. This is a message from our Father in 
Heaven. It is so important that we believe these things and share them with 
others. That we know and live with this understanding. Truth is strength. 
What joy and blessings are ours. Let us be a positive influence in our 
homes, neighborhoods, and communities for good. ESTOY SEGURO QUE LAS MUJERES TIENEN ESA CAPACIDAD Y MAS AUN,VEO A MI ESPOSA 
Y QUISIERA TENER SUS TALENTOS DE TRABAJADORA Y DEDICADA,LA AMO Y 
AFORTUNADAMENTE SE LO DIGO A CADA MOMENTO ME SIENTO FELIZ DE TENERLA A MI 
LADO,Y SE QUE SI ME ESFUERZO MUCHO PODRE ESTAR CON ELLA DESPUÉS DE ESTA VIDAGo Relief Society!i.i q booniitoo -.-!!! :DDMuy lindo video:') Thank you for this video! I am tired of being categorized by the 'world' as 
subservient and down-trodden. We are strong, and courageous, caring and 
intelligent! We are daughters of a loving Heavenly Father. This video shows 
who we are. It is good to remember that although we are not perfect, we definitely have 
these qualities because we are daughters of God who has all those good 
qualities :)Love love love it!Women must see themselves truly as the amazing queens they are! Sharing 
this today- thank you for such a beautiful message!The Women of The Church are GORGEOUS!!!!!!!Women who know who they are have a powerful influence in everything they 
choose to do! Wonderful!I love the scenes of women from around the world.I love this clip. I am a mormonPraise to women.This is just beautiful. I'm sharing this. Hopefully women around the world 
can remember their worth to their family, to the world and to God. God 
bless everyone!I know who I am. I am a daughter of God! I am of infinite worth. How many 
need to know and embrace this true message.God bless his people ...!!!!!Great music great short film, thank you :) the messages soak in my soul 
every time! I love these videos!Some days we just need to be reminded of our strengths as women.this is awesome! :) <3Wonderful :)I love this! Thank you!Beautiful <3 so great!!!!