"That terrible Friday" is what Christians call "Good Friday" ??? At the 
time to those witnessing Jesus Christ's terrible death it was horrible; but 
it's misguiding to refer to "Good Friday" as terrible. It was an amazing 
act of Love by GOD with his only begotten Son. Thanks! May He be with you as well. I was in Iraq and saw a great deal of 
suffering through which the people there endured, both from the malice of 
evil men, and perhaps some mistakes on the part of those of us who thought 
we were trying to help. It was Christ who won my heart and taught me that 
He loved the people there every bit as much as He did us. I look forward to 
meeting you some day, be it in this life or hereafter, your Brother Monte. Friday's are no fun - but Sunday will comemore videos, more videos, more videos....aww thankyou so much for this!! we love you too, may he come soon again, 
may we all be ready ... happy sunday everyone amen to it!...thank you dear Apostle, for your loving story of Sunday will come... i 
love all of you in the LDS church, i feel such a part of you, i miss the 
glory that you have found Our Heavenly Father to Be... all of my hearts 
love to you my friends and family, pennySuch a powerful message: the hard times will end, Sunday will come.Thank you. I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day-Saints 
and I just want to thank you for those words brother :-)This is my favorite Easter video by far. We will experience many Fridays, 
but at long last, Sunday will come! How wonderful and glorious is the 
resurrection of our Savior.My grandpa died in September 2010. I know I will see him again. I look 
forward to that day.Elder Wurthlin's comments give me faith to endure when life is tough. If 
Jesus Christ endured everything, then I can endure a little more than I've 
been doing. The most profound part of Wurthlin's talk is that after Sunday 
will come. He didn't say Sunday "might" but "will." After all our trials, 
we will receive joy and peace and happiness.It's so sad that people don't use this blessed day for what it was given. 
They think this day is for them to watch football , play golf, drink 
alcohol , do everything but what it was intended for- Worshipping our 
Heavenly Father and his Beloved Son Jesus Christ ! You can't do that and do 
all the other. Remember the Sabath Day, to keep it Holy.@TheOtherGirl80 It still doesn't seem real. His birthday was just a few 
days ago on the 9th. I don't have words to describe how I feel. I really 
don't know what to say. There are no words sufficient to describe this. I 
do know that I was blessed with the worlds best father. Thank youI LOVE YOU MY LORD, LOVE YOU MY SAVIORMy father, Alain Budge was killed in an accident on Friday February 4th 
2011. That Friday changed my life forever. My dad was too young and we all 
miss him so much. He is my best friend and is and always was such an 
amazing father and man to all he came in contact with. Yesterday was my 
first Father's Day w/out him and words cannot describe how I miss you dad. 
I love you so much dad and I cannot wait until the day that we can be 
together again. I will miss you everyday for the rest of my life.I testify that this message is true. Very powerful@BithyniaKingdom Thanks for your thoughts and your tender heart!! We love 
you too! Peace and Joy to you and those you love!I am so thankful for that Friday and what my Savior went through for me. 
May God be with us all.Thank you Joseph B. Worthlin, I needed that.I have had many Fridays, but I can testify from experience that Sunday will 
always follow. You just have to endure until then and trust in Jesus Christ.i neede this I want to have faith like Elder Worthlin. Faith like Nephi. Faith like God 
wants us all to have!What a wonderful message...i had a Friday today and man am i ever so 
grateful for stumbbling upon this powerful message...the gospel saves my 
life, time and time again....it is so true and it makes too much sense for 
it not to be...in it you find comfort in everything...FA'AFETAI TELE LAVA 
and thank you for this awesome channeliam Also waiting for second coming brother , but i want see my self in with 
god , you also defnetly be partTen stars out of five. I needed this.What a humble man about the hope that the Lord provides. Thanks!I miss him...Thank you for posting! :) Captions help me to understand the spoken words. 
It is very comforting video.I cannot thank you enough for posting such a comforting truth. My life 
right now seems to be trapped in a Friday rivaled only by the Savior, but 
this simple message has given me hope that I have been unable to muster on 
my own. God bless you.Yes, Mormon messages always bring the Spirit back in a troublesome momentAhh I meant to click a thumbs up but i clicked a thumbs down, don't know 
how to fix it. Sorry. You get a big thumbs up not a thumbs downim mormonThank you dear friend! may god and our savior and redeemer be with you 
always with blessings :) I am LDS and this message is SOOO true yet so 
powerful and Amazing with such beauty! Sunday WILL come!! :) Love you all! 
:DI m Muslim and I couldnt stop my tears. I love God, I love Prophet Jesus... 
We are also waiting for the second coming of Prophet Jesus... I hope we all 
can see him in 21.century . He ll come again. I love u guys, May God be 
with you...Beautiful talk.what is the music in this video?i am far from the church so seeing these help me fo sunday is here and will 
come againI'm so glad that I have this gospel in my life~the TRUE gospel. I know 
sunday will come no metter how long the week seems.awesome, I need thatAfter such a long day at work, at feeling that I didnt make enough, or that 
I couldnt take to stand another hour, I see this video and all I want to do 
is get back to work and try a muich harder. I love being LDSI miss Elder Wirthlin. I always felt like he was talking just for me.watching this video helps me to remember that "on the dark friday" when we 
see the troubles in our life we get discouraged and often tend to loose 
faith, but if we stay faithful and stick to the gospel Sunday WILL come. 
and we will receive personalized blessings.There is nothing that is beyond the Savior's healing power. Don't give up!I love Elder WirthlinI agree: MormonMessages is awesome: you should also subscribe to Seth Adam 
Smith: he has done a great job producing alot of excellent vids.it sounds much less uplifting without the uplifting music.Thank you for the reminder that trials will end, the light of hope will 
again fall upon us.Wonderful, uplifting message. I miss hearing Elder Wirthlin speak. This 
talk can be read in the Nov. 2006 Ensign.Elder Wirthlin had such a quiet but powerful testimony, he truly was an 
apostle of our redeemer. I have more hope now that my own sunday will come.I am not embarrassed to say that I truly love Elder Wirthlin. I love him. 
That time he was shaking and could have stopped giving his talk, he 
wouldn't quit. He would not quit. He stood and delivered his talk, 
supported by his fellow Apostle, the physician, Elder Nelson. How I love 
them both. I wish I could be worthy of their association. I can only hope 
that somehow, some way, the Savior can fix me and forgive me. But that will 
take a larger miracle than what we have seen so far.That's a good message, He will come, we shall not despair.Sunday will come... I love it. Its so true. God loves us and when we get to 
the point we cant carry our cross anymore on our own and we call on him, he 
will be there for us! Sunday will comeThis video made me feel so good to watch.What a magnificent video. Elder Wirthlin was a great man.There is always a Saturday inbetween Friday and Sunday. It is often by 
Saturday night that many of us lose faith. O Lord, help thou mine unbelief!That glorious Sunday.Amazing infusion of the Spirit. Sometimes I think we need to listen harder 
and more carefully to those apostles who are starting to become older and 
frailer, and closer to the veil.This talk made me cry when I first heard it. Dear, sweet Elder Wirthlin. 
You were a man of God. Sunday will come. I know it.I'm so sad to hear that. Hoping the Lord is holding you in His arms.The gospel IS the good news =)Cool.This talk helped me so much with some of the hardest parts of my life. It 
taught me that eventually my Sunday will come. I will have my child as my 
own again one day. Today would have been my due date.Just think when our Sunday comes we will get to see Elder Wirthlin teach. 
It will be awesome to see all of the Apostles and Prophets teach. I hope to 
sit in on a few lessons.I was at Girls Camp this past week and every year there are 
quotes/scriptues posed everywhere in the bathroom for your to read. I read 
a part of this talk in the bathroom and it really helped me. Thanks for 
posting so I could hear it. What a wonderful talk. One of my favorites!I know that my Redeemer lives!I cried watching this video. you can tell that Elder Wirthlin has physical 
ailments and is missing loved ones, but, he is testifying that because 
Jesus lives, we can live to, and live in our perfect form. there is no 
greater message under heaven then the message from D&C 76:22 " And now 
after the many testimonies which have been given of him, this is the 
testimony last of all, which we give of him: That he lives!"Thank you, Elder Wirthlin, for your powerful testimony! I feel that my life 
is pretty good now. But, I still look forward to Sunday with all of my 
heart!Thanks for another inspiring video. :-) I'm so happy everytime I see one 
come up! :-DWhat a blessed message..... thank the Lorda true apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ, this church is true and I testify 
to the greatness of the restored gospel and that Joseph Smith was and is a 
prophet of God, this church is led by a Prophet. I say this in the name of 
Jesus Christ, amenI love these messages thank youVery timely -- as the passing of two icons has caused many to think about 
their own mortality, and what happens after we die. Thank you. tDMggreat words!Amazing. I miss Elder Wirthlin. What a pillar of strength.