+Kenneth Gray
For some reason, Youtube doesn't have the option to respond to your post. 
Hopefully you see this.

Great question. There are certain similarities between the LDS temple rites 
and Masonry rites, but each religion's respective rites are fundamentally 
different. Other religions also share many similarities with our religion; 
we see these similarities, including those from Freemasonry, as remnants 
from a common source. We do not see these similarities as one religion 
borrowing from another. We believe that God revealed the LDS temple rites 
to Joseph Smith Jr. This website gives more details on the subject: 
eom.byu.edu/index.php/Freemasonry_and_the_Temple.

I'm glad that you've read the Book of Mormon. Don't be afraid of joining 
the Church. Many protestants have joined before, and we welcome all. If you 
still have reservations, you can always pray and ask God if you should join 
our Church. Mormon.org is also a great resource to help you learn more 
about us. Feel free to post more questions if you have any.﻿+azndude3600 , if you're an analogy kind of person (I know I am), here's an 
analogy that might help. I heard at a fireside that Christian religions can 
all be related to pianos. We all play beautiful music. The keys on the 
piano represent truth. Other an Christian Faiths can still play beautiful 
music, but we can play more beautiful music because we have more keys, or 
more truth.﻿This is beautiful.. I get a feeling of peace watching this that I cannot 
describe in mere words.

I am a Mason, and I have heard that some of the temple rituals were 
borrowed from our rites. Does anyone know if this is true? I am considering 
converting to the LDS church, but am worried I'm the only protestant who 
has. The Book of Mormon is a wonderful work of holy writ to read. 

I hope to hear from someone...﻿I love temples, which is why I have one as my profile picture. :)﻿I love temples❤️﻿What's the temple at 0:56? Very nice.﻿I'm not really into religion but their temples are just stunning beautiful.﻿Good memories. The video that plays before a temple open house walk through 
:)﻿Do they believe God still lives in the Temple like in the old testament?﻿Temples allow us to learn with our Savior as the Master teacher.  He is our 
true Savior and teaches us in the Temples things that we can only learn 
through him in The Temple.  Without Temples, we miss out on so many 
teaching and true principles being taught by our Savior.  Our Savior comes 
to the Temples and teaches us through the spirit if we are worthy to 
receive.  Come willing and ready and you will be taught.  He is the 
masterful teacher.  He is our one and only Savior.  He is the only one that 
can take us and teach us the things we need to know so that we can return 
to our Heavenly Father.  The principles are vital.  We just need to listen 
and obey.  We can do it.  He loves us and is here guiding us back.  ﻿Temples offer insights into the eternities that we cannot gain anywhere 
else.  We must attend The Temple in order to obtain these insights - they 
don't just come to us in our homes or in our thoughts.  Our Savior visits 
us in The Temples and offers us peace and comfort.  ﻿Recently myself and 3 friends went on a crazy adventure to visit all 17 
Utah Temples within 24 hours! I would LOVE it if you would check out my 
video and help me inspire others to just visit the grounds of these 
incredible buildings. Thank you for your support!! 17 Temples in 24 Hours﻿No fee, just a temple recomment is needed. Even the temple weddings are 
free, now you might have to pay for the reception part. I'm glad I'm Mormon.When Christ died, the Great Apostasy started, which was a time when for 
some years the Lord's priesthood was off the earth. We go to the Temple to 
partake in ordinances given by the priesthood, which is why it is so sacred 
and only the worthy could enter. If the priesthood is taken away, all the 
holiness and sacredness goes away with it. The Temple is not the building 
itself, but what lies within the walls: a divine spirit and priesthood. I 
hope these cleared things up to you.We don't ignore the bible.. Mormon is a nickname that persecutors gave us 
in ignorance of its meaning. It is a reformed Egyptian word that means 
"more good" in English. In fact, so many prophecies throughout the bible 
were fulfilled via the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints that you 
should not have any difficulties recognizing HIS church and HIS people. How 
about examining us a little more, huh? There is no charge to enter the temple. Where did u get that idea? How sad it would be the Rock of the Savior's Church (Revelation) no longer 
stood, if prophets and apostles (the organization of His Church as he set 
it up on the Earth) could be officially abolished by Counsels of Men, and 
if a teaching given when the Temple was controlled by wicked men meant that 
temple blessings could never again be upon the Earth! How lost and halted 
in our progression we, as a race, would forever be without those blessings! 
(Read Revelations 7:13-15)San Diego is an exceptionally pretty temple, isn't it? (It's also my 
computer's desktop wallpaper.) :)I love to go to the temple, there´s not a place like a temple where you can 
really meditate and have orientation for you life from above.Beautiful temples for a kind, gentle and loving people! That's the San Diego Temple What are you talking about? paying a feeBeing inside of the temple is such a Wonderful blessing. And its even 
better knowing that everyone there is like you and believe the same things.Thank you for saying that! Islamic buildings are also very well made and 
there is a reverence about them that I admire, even though I am a member of 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. I love the warm, peaceful feeling I have when I attend the temple. I need 
to attend more often. What temple is the one at 3:24?? That's like the most beautiful temple I've 
ever seen!There are oxen below the Baptismal Font.Solomon broke his promise with God, and God told everyone he no longer 
dwells in man made Temples. The Word of God says temples made by man are no 
longer ordained, and God has instructed us in a new way according to the 
gospel of Jesus Christ. The priesthood of Levi and Aaron were found 
imperfect and were abolished in Christ, who sanctifies us all as our only 
High Priest, on both Earth and in Heaven. "Will you build me a house?" "The 
whole Earth is my footstool." "Not one is holy, not one."Anyone is welcome who prepares well?? Including paying the entrance fee. 
Doesn't matter how well you've prepared spiritually.....no money.....no 
honey. What a con.I might catch on fire if tried to go in there. Maybe it's because of the 
things I've done. can us mormons get any awesomerIts a place I feel like I fit in. Where everyone is like me. We're all 
Mormon, we believe the same thing:-)In no other place, do I feel the spirit so strongly. I love going to the 
temple. Especially with my friendsSuch beauty in a building.Atheist... this video changed nothing...I used to be an Ordinance Worker at the San Diego Temple and it has been 
such a blessing in my life. Temple Work is TRUE. The LDS Church is TRUE.The Church is Definately True.It is difficult to describe to a non member, the joy and peace that comes 
to you in the temple.There are twelve oxen that hold up the baptismal font. They represent the 
twelve tribes of Israel. They are not worshiped, we do not pray to them, 
just are a representation only. In some temples there are murals that have 
pictures of world that include animals...plants.... volcanoes... scenes of 
God's creations.ACTS 17: God does NOT dwell in temples (towers of bable) built by hands...Thank You! I'm glad to see that someone who is non-mormon can see the 
beauty in our temples.I am so excited to be married there. Now I just need to find my wife ha.I know the temple is the house of God.yes there is in the baptismal font, you can see it when you do baptisms for 
the dead I am Scottish, yet I know the Spirit of the Lord lives in the hearts of his 
Holy Redeemed People! That is a beautiful truth; how could anyone dislike 
something so uplifting? Praise the Lord always!Listening to sick nasty rap music then 180 turn around to this, totally 
felt the spirit in an instant.actualy yesLooks more like something from the Free Masons than something from Jesus. 
Why is Jesus's name not on the temple?Grateful to Pres Hinckley for our Temple in Apex North Carolina . Jesus Christ himself came to teach us that temples are not important. They 
are just stones put there by men, and not God. Jesus Christ is the temple. 
Believe in Jesus Christ, and you hardly need anything else to have God on 
your side. It astonishes me that this church says that temples are so 
important, yet claims to follow the teachings of Jesus Christ.I love how beautiful and full of light mormon temples are :) If you have accepted the Lord, believed that God sent his son to be our 
Savior, then he enters oursoul. Our body is the temple were the Holy Spirt 
of Jesus teaches,guide and talks with our spirt. He changes us from within, 
because he lives with us. 1Cor 6:19 Do you not know that your body is a 
temple. 2 Cor 6:16 For we are the temple of the living God. There is only 
one way to salvation: Acts 4:12 salvation is found in no one else. READ 1 
Thess 5:16-24 Also: ROMANS 4:24-5:1PRAISE GOD.. I am Indian, yet I know the spirit of the Lord lives in temples!There is no way for me to describe the great feeling of gods love that 
surrounds me inside the temple.How can anyone dislike something this uplifting?I encourage you to. I didn't know happiness until i trusted God and let the 
spirit in. Right now as I'm telling you this, the feeling is so powerful. 
The spirit is filling my body and it's a very prominent sensation. Nothing 
is more important than living the gospel. God will love you regardless but 
please pray to him and really ask him. I will be serving a mission in a 
year now and I'm so happy and excited. then i will go play college football 
which i'll be putting on hold.NO!You can always come back, gods arms are open. He still loves you, he knows 
you truely. The gospel can save you from that pain. I have that testimony.I was married in the LA TEMPLE <3 <3 <3There are oxen around the baptismal fount to represent the 12 tribes of 
Israel.In regards to sealing families. I was baptised catholic and we are taught 
that we will be together again in heaven, Its not like its over once we 
die, is there an image of a cow or bull in the temple?The sealing power isn't something that the LDS church made up, it's in the 
bible. civil marriage is an earthly thing, that's why they say "until death 
do you part" because at death, you part- and legally you are single. The temple is such a beautiful place. the temple is very sacred to us. not 
secret. in fact we want everyone to experience the temple. it's just so 
sacred, and it's true, EVERYTHING that happens in the temple can be found 
in the bible. also, in our temples we do a lot of work for those who have 
passed on, those who were never baptized or able to hear about Christ ( 
that's why mormons are so big into geneology) we are doing work for our 
ancestors. the largest geneological library is in SLC Utah. that must have been horrible. the world wasn't ready for desegregation 
until then. Being Caucasian, I don't understand racism and never will. The 
mormon church was one of the first churches to desegregate their 
congregations if not the first. We don't understand all things. Even in 
bible times there were those not allowed to hold the Holy priesthood of 
God. God bless you. don't ever be afraid to come back. it's hard to change. and people always 
ask why life is so hard. but when Christ was suffering in the Garden of 
Gethsemane for your sins and my sins, while he was being scorned at, 
laughed at, made fun, beat and crucified - still held strong. it wasn't 
easy for him. and it's not going to be easy for us, he only said it would 
be worth it. I promise that. It's never too late, and God always loves you.and what do you think now?The temple is for everyone. But the teachings and covenants we make there 
are sacred and requires preparation both spiritual and physical. Contact 
the missionaries or your local bishop and find out what you need to do to 
prepare to attend. Local bishops can be found at lds.org, meetinghouse 
locater. i know that this is the lords church here on this earth@matadelmund The presence of the Lord commands reverence and righteousness. 
You are right in saying that the temple is for all, provided proper 
worthiness to enter into it. The temple is a place where the spirit of the 
lord lives continually, and is the closest to heaven while living on this 
earth. I testify of this and you can come into the lords presence.@magnus56j @magnus56j When a Temple is newly built, the public are invited 
to come in and walk around and experience it before it is dedicated. It is 
called 'open house'. you can find the next open house here: 
lds.org/church/temples hope you can go to one a see it inside. There are 
many being built all over the world all the time so you will find one 
closer to you eventually. :)I miss being an ldscongregations grew and it came time to build cathedrals, they built them 
like European ones. Had they remained in the American... architectural 
vocabulary, they'd have looked an awful lot like the Mormon Temple in SLC. Mormon temples really are some of the most beautiful examples of truly 
American architecture, in my opinion. Where I'm from in Massachusetts each 
town center has one or two surviving old churches or meetinghouses 
originally founded by Puritans or Separatists, the oldest of which is Old 
Ship Church in Hingham. They're all relatively simple and unpretentious, 
square, white, steepled. Later when(cont. above because youtube hates 
substance) I love going to the temple to feel that special peace that I can't get by 
going anywhere else. I'm excited because im visiting the Las Vegas temple 
tonight :)When Jesus died, the veil in the temple was torn. This symbolized that the 
temple and all its holiness was not for a select few, but for everyone. If 
Mormons consider themselves to be followers of Christ, why did they feel 
the need to close the temple off again? @mollymu1 Well, as a black man, I look at these buildings and think about 
how I wasn't able to enter them until 1978.@magnus56j I understand how frustrating it may be to not be able to fully 
know what is happening within those walls. But I can tell you that there 
are very sacred ordinances performed that cannot be flaunted to a world 
where so many people can't see how sacred those ordinances are. I can tell 
you this though, most everything that happens inside of Mormon temples I 
have been able to find in the Bible. I love the true and it is real@magnus56j Infants have no need for baptism since baptism is for the 
remission of sins. An infant cannot sin. As the infant grows, he or she is 
taught about right and wrong and eventually is accountable for his actions 
and then chooses to be baptised.The temple is the best place on earth where we can truly find peace, 
because in fact it is the Lord's house, and I know because I feel the 
influence of the Holy Spirit that brings me joy to know that the Lord is 
fulfilling his promise to our ancestors to restore all things and I am 
witness that it is doing and the temple is part of this wonderful 
restaurant ... served in the temple of Santiago de Chile as an ordinance 
worker and I felt there will never fade from my heart.Going to the temple makes my week so much better, I'm able to feel and hear 
the spirit free of worldly interruptions.They are very beautiful buildings. I am impressed.The Temples are beautiful! they are the house of the Father. The CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER DAY SAINTS IS A TRUE CHURCH! I'm glad 
to be LDS!@magnus56j Those are fantastic questions. To answer them, I would like us 
to understand there there is a stark difference between being able to see 
your loved ones in heaven, and actually being an eternal family in heaven. 
While it may be possible to see your loved ones without the sealing 
ordinance, you would not be considered the same family unit that you were 
on Earth, because this holy ordinance makes us no longer spirit brother and 
sister, but Husband and Wife, or Parent and Child. It's not that you wnn't SEE your family... its that there is a way provided 
on Earth to have the physical bonds recognized beyond the grave. It is a 
belief and practice much like your baptizing babies. Are the babies that 
don't get baptized still unholy just because they don't get baptized?? We 
believe in baptism but as a rite of passage and cleansing at the age of 
accountability. Not that Adam's sins are upon the heads of every soul. Does 
that answer your question?To all who believe they will be together as a family after death, answer 
this: Why do your marriage vows sever your relationship at death? You 
covenant to be true and faithful to each other is "until death do you 
part". Your covenant does not extend into eternity unless you are sealed by 
the Lord's Priesthood in the Lord's Temple. The power to bind people was 
given to the Lord's Apostles and no one else.@magnus56j we believed that we can be with our families through eternity, 
plesase respect our religion, i was catholic before i became mormon and i 
don't see why people have to talk down on the LDS church we don't talk down 
on yours, please just respect, the temple for us is the house of the lord 
and even if you are not mormon you should be able to understand that. thank 
you@sweetlolitacookies - You should see the inside. It's so peaceful and 
beautiful. Reason being is because u seal ur family in heaven for eternity. Not just 
for earth. We all have freedom of agency to believe what we want. An LDS 
members, we believe this. Thats all...@ZOOran Amen. :D