thank you﻿who is god ??! ( jesus , holy spirit , father of jesus )Do not mistake his monotone for a lack of feeling. He is testifying that 
the Bible teaches of Christ and I promise you he says it because he knows 
it to be true!@estragon9 Similar to when I go to a music video and everyone praises in a 
very similar way the music or musicians. @estragon9 Yes they are real. No they are not campaigned :) They simply 
state what they believe. Hope thats not wrong since we live in a country of 
free speech and free religion. Since most LDS believe in the same things 
you might think they are scripted but you must also know that each person's 
testimony is different with emphasis to different things. But essentially 
they are the same (Believing in: Christ, The Book of Mormon, Latter-Day 
prophets, etc.). @estragon9 Yes they are real. No they are not campaigned :) They simply 
state what they believe. Hope thats not wrong since we live in a country of 
free speech and free religion. Since most LDS believe in the same things 
you might think they are scripted but you must also know that each person's 
testimony is different with emphasis to different things. But essentially 
they are the same (Believing in: Christ, The Book of Mormon, Latter-Day 
prophets, etc.). Are these comments real? They sound very scripted. Did you have a campaign 
to get people to say stuff? I wonder if you will block my comment because I 
am skeptical and don't gush with praise for your video. How beautiful is Jesus@majinish Yeah, most of them think we don't believe in The Bible. But we 
do, it goes along with the Book of Mormon just as wellI'm sorry, what was that people said about us not believing in the Bible? 
Mhm...I bet they won't watch this video.God the All-GloriousI know that the Bible is the word of God. I also know that the Book of 
Mormon is as much the world of God as is the Bible. Anyone who reads the 
Book of Mormon will come to know that this is true as much as the Bible is 
true.I love my savior as well, my God, my Redeemer, my all... there is no better 
feeling in the world than reading and pondering and feeling so close to Him 
more and more every time you ponder.. I have a close relationship with Him, 
as well as our Father. Best feeling in the world :)@zujowalls08 im so happy for you. isnt the gospel so great? It cannot be 
described with words... you have made the best decision in your life by 
getting baptized, you will never regret it. I know its true and life is 
empty without the knowledge of the gospel.@saxaphonedude im so happy for you. isnt the gospel so great? It cannot be 
described with words... you have made the best decision in your life by 
getting baptized, you will never regret it. I know its true and life is 
empty without the knowledge of the gospel.Of course! That is Why the King James Version is made. It is an inspiration 
from GodI'm exploring other religions...so far, I'm liking this one. I'm just a 
curious being. Hehe."Die heilige Bibel ist ein Wunder; es ist ein Wunder, dass die Bibel in 
ihren Seiten buchstäblich den bekehrenden, heiligen Geist Jesu Christi 
enthält, der die Herzen der Menschen durch Jahrhunderte verändert hat; er 
führte sie zum Gebet, den richtigen Weg zu wählen und ihren Erlöser zu 
suchen und zu finden. Ich gebe mein feierliches Zeugnis, das wir 
vollständige und wahre Gläubige an den Herrn Jesus Christus und sein in der 
Bibel offenbartes Wort sind." M Russell Ballardmerry merry all lDSI'm so thankful for the Scriptures in my life. I feel closer to God when I 
fully dedicate time to Bible study. It saddens me to see that some people 
struggle so much when God has given us so much. he has blessed us with 
prophets who have written by the holy spirit and we have those invaluable 
books to learn from. I'm so glad to hear also that the reina valera version 
of the bible has been translated with footnotes and a study guide for our 
spanish speaking friends all over the world.god bless you :]Hoorah for what Smithbyu said, I'm not sure why this person was originally 
given a thumbs down.Thank God for Jesus Christ;)He is a beautiful Saviour. <3I second that!may god bless us all.i love Jesus.I love my Savior and I know that He lives! since I joined the church three 
months ago, I've never felt so close to Christ and Heavenly Father. thank 
you for these wonderful messages!In the ancient world, artists with a classical background would depict 
Christ beardless because that was the style in Greco-Roman civilization. 
But throughout the early middle ages up to till now, Christ is almost 
always portrayed with a beard.I served with both of the missionaries that appear in the video!! These 
videos get a good across...thank you so much for thi wonderful video.That's exactly what missionaries are doing. I personally went on a mission, 
for 2 years, doing nothing but teaching the word of God and serving my many 
brothers and sisters. I loved the people I taught, as best I could like 
Christ would love them. I loved the time I had to teach to every person I 
met, full time.I think as Christians we should all go and teach god word to everone.Hey i was raise catholic too!!! Until i was 17 and met the missionaries, 
just got baptized into the true church last Saturday :)I was raised Catholic until the age of 14. I almost entered the Seminary 
for I wanted to become a servant of God. As I knelt down and prayed at such 
an early age, I felt the Spirit telling me not to join it. It was a calm, 
peaceful and loving feeling hard to describe. Later I felt the same more 
strongly when two missionaries were introducing Christ's doctrine. I felt 
the Holy Spirit testifying to me of the truthfulness of the gospel. He 
answered my prayer and will answer yours too. I promise.I was raised as a Baptist, and I was taught that Mormons weren't 
Christians, but my Mormon friends all seemed like Christians and talked 
about Christ as their savior. When I was 17, I investigated the LDS church, 
and prayed to God, asking if it was his true church. He assured me through 
the calm, quiet voice of the Spirit. I was baptized a member of the church. 
I'm so grateful he answered my prayer.I love the Bibel and the Prophets - I love the Book of Mormon and the 
Prophets - I Love Father Abraham and his story - I Love THE HOLY " I AM WHO 
I AM" - I Love Jehova - I Love Haevenly Father - I Love JESUS The CHRIST - 
I Love ALL of GOD´s WORDS and I am very thankfull for all his prophets 
because they humbly obey . Thanks for Youre Love MAN of GOD! Lukas 22:42 
42Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless 
not my will, but thine, be done.I don't see the contradiction here. Because Jesus' great sacrifice for 
mankind and man's need to know of that great sacrifice and our need for 
repentance an obedience, the restauration was a must. I don't know when you 
served your mission. Mine was 1983-84. I've been a missionary since then 
even Ward mission leader and never I was told nor was aware of others to be 
instructed not to preach Christ and His Atonement.Welcome to youtube dancer! You might also enjoy watching the video from 
Mormon Messages called "A Light Unto All: A Christmas Gift" I really like 
it and it is beautiful. All the best to you!who started the restoration? It was Christ himself who came down to earth 
and spoke face to face with the prophet Joseph Smith. Of course our message 
is the restoration. But this is also the message of Christ. Since He 
started the restorarion and since His gospel was restored. There is no way 
you can seperate the restorarion and christ. these messages are a unitycensorship testJesus Christ was really here. He truly lived and did what was necessary to 
save mankind from death and hell. He is The Son of God. I know that 
independently of all other information for the Spirit has so testified to 
me in a manner which is unmistakable and irrefutable. You too can have this 
witness. The LDS missionaries can help you to know what to do to receive 
your personal witness, a witness is clear and unmistakable, a witness 
direct and personal to you... that He lives.Uh, not quite sure where you served, when or where you were trained but 
Christ is definitely the central core of the missionaries message, even 
when I served over 10 years ago. You sound a little jaded by something and 
hope that you find the contentment you are looking for. It was not the 
gospel or leaders who were wrong, but whomever directed your teaching 
efforts.Thanks for this message. I'm LDS and love the words of God, Jesus Christ, 
and prophets found in the Bible. It reminds us that people of the past 
needed just as much direction and truth as we need now days. We realize how 
little man really changes and how God's laws can be applied to everyone of 
any age from any epoch.It was the Bible that first lead Joseph Smith to the woods to pray where he 
saw both God the Father and Jesus Christ. There are so many reasons to 
treasure the Bible with the most important being the record of the mortal 
ministry of Christ and of His death and resurrection. The Book of Mormon 
does not replace the Bible. That is why it is called another testament of 
Jesus Christ, not the one and only.There's a calm that I felt as I was watching this video that I wouldn't 
want to have taken away by rude and inappropriate comments. If you have 
questions regarding this video, contact someone you know that will have an 
answer for you.We have staked the whole future of American civilization not upon the power 
of the government—far from it. We have staked the future of all of our 
political institutions upon the capacity of each and all of us to govern 
ourselves according to the Ten Commandments of God. - James Madison (Russ 
Walton, Biblical Principles of Importance to Godly Christians, New 
Hampshire: Plymouth Foundation, 1984, p. 361.)I love reading Matthew Mark Luke John and ActsTo richis109 LOL @ "masses of wealth" Our wealth is our families, our 
friends, our blessings from our Heavenly Father. We are glad to discuss our 
beliefs with people who are seeking truth since we know that they will find 
truth in our beliefs. As President Hinckley said so many times, we 
encourage you to bring the good in your beliefs and see if we can add to 
it. But we try to avoid contention, arguing, or wasting time with those who 
engage in attacking others. As Jesus did.i do not believe that bad translations of anything carry the full truth of 
the original statement.richis: Have you noticed that although your comment disagrees, it has not 
been "thumbed down?" You can have a different opinion, but that's fine. 
Having a different opinion doesn't make you stupid. We know that. By 
"censure," then, we prefer to give "thumbs ups" to comments we agree 
with--hence, yours is left untouched. Responding to negative comments with 
negativity doesn't resolve anything. I disagree with you, by the way. But 
that's okay, since you like criticism and debate.As an LDS father I love the Holy Bible and am grateful to God who gave it 
to us; I am also thankful that King James organized it as best he could.I too am grateful for the bible.However, it was founded by Christians, and organized on Christian 
principles—not the least of which is the right to worship how, where, and 
what one desiresI think a better question is "Can we come closer to God even through a 
poorly translated version of the Bible?" and I believe the answer is "Yes". 
Of course, it is preferable to have the original text written directly by 
the prophets and apostles, but we still consider it a miracle that the word 
of God contained in the Bible has been made available to all people in 
their native language. We are grateful to all those who made great 
sacrifices to make the Bible available to the masses.Amasing words of inspiration regarding The Holy BibleElder Ballard: "Ich gebe feierlich Zeugnis, dass wir wahre und absolut 
überzeugte Anhänger des Herrn Jesus Christus und seines durch die Bibel 
offenbarten Wortes sind. Wir glauben nicht nur an die Bibel, wir bemühen 
uns, die darin enthaltenen Grundsätze zu befolgen und ihre Botschaft zu 
lehren."Die Bibel ist ein Wunder! Es ist ein Wunder, dass die Bibel buchstäblich 
den bekehrenden, heilenden Geist Christi enthält, der das Herz der Menschen 
seit Jahrhunderten gewandelt hat und sie dazu bewegt, zu beten, den 
richtigen Weg zu wählen und sich auf die Suche zu begeben, um den Erlöser 
zu finden.This is great and true.the united states was founded by christians.I love this Gospel.We know the Bible is true by the power of the Holy Ghost.Pray and ask God. God will tell you if it is true.do you mean the bible?Great video, very true!very nice.thank you. a vid that shows people that we do teach biblical scripture.Why do you censor comments? Are you afraid the truth will get out to your 
congregation and the masses of wealth you gather to destroy peoples basic 
rights will dwindle? If you were really strong in your faith you would 
openly accept criticism and encourage debate.It truly saddens me to think of what the founding fathers of your nation 
would think if they saw this. "The Holy Bible is America" common, America 
was founded on secular believes. To think that so many could be infatuated 
with this superstition is mind boggling. I am truly curious how you know 
that your "god" is the right one, considering the fact if you account for 
all the religions with more then 1million followers Christianity has a 
0.01% chance of being correct.As a member of the church, I have personally read the New Testament, and 
also have studied the whole Bible multiple times through. We pray about 
their messages, just like the Book of Mormon, and ask God to write them in 
our hearts.how do we know its true?I used have the Bible when I was a child, now I have the Book of Mormon 
which is another testament of Jesus Christ. I'm grateful for both books.this vid is so amazing and true! i love this! this vid proves that the LDS 
church and the book of mormon are true things from god! i love this!Thank you for sharing all your great videos with youtube!Jesus Christ speaks to us through the Holy Bible.It doesn't matter how you reach for it, only whats in your heart as you do.It was the Bible that brought Joseph Smith to his knees to supplicate God 
Almighty."the word of God AS FAR AS IT IS TRANSLATED CORRECTLY" do you believe the 
bad translations of the Bible are correct?The Bible is the word of God. We cherish the word of GodLove this video, Mormon's do believe in the Bible and it's nice to hear 
that re-affirmed.Great new message reiterating the fact that the LDS Church studies and 
believes in the principles and doctrines of the Bible, as well as The Book 
of Mormon. Thanks for the good word.great talk, thanks for sharing!!!Amen.Excellent, once again! Thank you!