In times of trouble or strife, its so refreshing to know we can turn back 
to the father in heaven, his son, and the holy ghost for a well needed 
uplift in spiritual strength. This song, is my spiritual uplift.﻿I love the Mormon tabernacle choir and I know that the church of Jesus 
Christ of latter day saints is the only true church on the face of the 
earth! Other churches have some truth but we have the full restored gospel﻿Exquisite! Brings me to tears every time.﻿bless me now my savior﻿bless me now my savior﻿Beautiful music..﻿love this song. :-)﻿They look like a choir of angels.﻿Was my Spiritual anthem during prison sentence and still is in times of 
troubles﻿Beautiful words. Beautiful music. Thank you for uploading﻿...His love is pure and this song reminds﻿BLESSED women... and TRUE God's daughters !﻿very nice!!!﻿Tonight, when I heard this choir, I knew that God has forgiven my 
transgressions.

Tomorrow, I will start  a new leaflet of my life after  55 years. Lord, 
please be nearer to me for I cannot pass this journey without thy guidance. 
The song was made by angels in the persons of girls singing. Thank you my 
God !﻿Yes, as a Christian you will know that when the Holy Spirit of the Lord is 
near you in you all temptation loose it's power. So then The Lord presence 
is powerful and perfect. Praise the Lord. Even sickness have to leave when 
Jesus is present, Glory go God for such a great and excellent treasure. 
Blessed be his name fever, amen.﻿Me emociona  esta preciosa alabanza oh cada dia dia y hora con Jesus Amén﻿Listen to his still small voice and you will never go back﻿This song has really blessed me today!!!﻿they are very beautiful!﻿I need thee every hour 💗﻿Is the best hymn I have heard. Gives me strength to continue in this crazy 
world. Thank heavenly father for the health and family that we all have. ﻿I need thee now, and every hour Father!﻿This is Beautiful:) I'd Love to Watch them in Person.I love it, his just what l need this daysAmazing, everything about this video is Amazing, love it!!!:)Beautifully sung by the choir. So very relaxing.Beautiful.Beautiful musicnossa muito belo ........... Yes, I do....GreatAbsolutely beautiful My favorite song!!!I need Him every moment of every hour, beautiful songI just love every song so far!This is definitely one of my favorite psalms! Beautifully presented by the 
choir! I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!! 