SMILED !!!﻿Someone found this SONG?? I really want it, but I didn´t found 
it...THANKS!!﻿Amazing, this really gives me hope :) Thank you﻿Yay shay tarts﻿i love shaytarda for angelina﻿I ❤ the shaytards﻿I watched this video before I was a fan of the shaytards! Wht an amazing 
family. ﻿Wish I had a family like this, sadly my "family" will never do 99% of the 
things that they filmed in this video, let me emphasize this IF I had a 
family like this I would enjoy every single moment, unfortunately I don't. ﻿turning 17 this year but my past years my family now, we don't spend much 
time together and it really makes me feel bitter sometimes, and having 
nothing to do nothing but do homework and study hard for classes in high 
school....but when those holidays or long breaks come...i see other 
families going on trips around the world going on a crews but my 
family?...we just do work and no one hardly listen to me. An my dad doesn't 
seem like he cares about us and doesn't even talk with us, hes always to 
himself reading and doing military work(i see that) so i became a hermit in 
a shell over time...an now have depression over me but i still stay 
positive since im not really social or have lots of friends(im pretty much 
boring). I try to occupy myself with something fun to do everyday in life 
instead of sitting their(i rarely leave the house) but i see what i can do 
to not waste my life away:)﻿See, great men have great beards! ﻿Shay this is great!! Thanks for sharing! And it's great to see your family 
having so much fun. That is what life's all about.﻿Honestly my favorite video thanks shaytards because of you guys I got 
baptized this past June Hope I can meet you one day shay! ﻿Whats the name of this song?﻿I Just Knew It Was The SHAYTARDS﻿That is true, but as good as your relationships are now, just think of how 
much better they can be WITH the positive influence of religion.Does anyone know what that piece of music is? It's a lovely tune :)Words cannot describe my excitement when I realized that the Shaytards have 
their own Mormon Message video! So awesome!!!! What's your point? This video is definitely not trying to prove your point 
so I don't get why your comment is necessary.No where in this message does it talk about religion. You are right, but to 
Mormons, family is THE most important thing. It's eternal, never ending. 
The relationships we have with our families will continue on to the next 
life. The happiest and strongest families understand the importance of 
God's love in their life.This IS a normal family.That was beautiful.brought tears to my eyes The Shaytards were the first impression I had of an LDS family. The love 
and joy they had for and with each other was evident. Their vlogs had an 
influence of my first thoughts of the church and they had definitely formed 
the initial interest I had with the church. After investigating the church 
for almost a year now, I am looking forward to being baptized this 
December! I'm so glad to see such a great family, that I feel I know, in a 
Mormon message:)Yay! Go shaytar!!!!!! I understand now who paid this holiday to Shay :p I'm muslim and I think 
that your religion is close to ours at some points. Love people like you 
want to be lovedDoes anybody know the song that is used in the background??? BeautifulNice video, but I don't see what this has to do with being mormon? 
Surprising normal families do stuff like this as well...song>?Great video! I am not a Mormon, but I have the very same values through my 
family and growing up.Whatttttt it's the SHAYTARDS on a Mormon messages video. BEST. DAY. EVER.strong understanding of religion. Mormons are christian too for your 
information.god bless the shay tardsIm crying!!! Love itA family that lives the gospel and has faith in Jesus christ Is more likely 
to have a great relationship , love , comprehension , etc , a family that 
doesn't live the gospel is more susceptible to fall in sin and for 
consequent, end up being destroyed , I'm telling you this for my own 
experienceIam not mormon I am christian and a member of red cedar community church in 
rice lake but I saw the ad on this familys channel and was curious..god 
bless you allI don't think people know that families are the base of out religion, apart 
from Jesus Christ and Heavenly Father. I agree with you, though!<3 the ShaytardsThis is just simply beautifulMormon channel? Wat?I love being Mormon! I know you don't have to be religious to love your 
family but religion helps me to focus on what is really important in life. 
There are so many distractions.beautiful! That's awesome, Paige! It's so inspiring to hear these sorts of stories :) 
Best of luck!I'm not Morman I'm Christian and we feel the same family life is key to a 
happy life x:D Recently my best friend game me the Book of Mormon feeling inspired to give 
it to me she had been helping me understand the works of The Lord. I've 
been praying about it and I know it's true sense then I have been going to 
church an my family has begun to come along to. Praying about baptism now! 
Thank you for being so inspiring to my family and I!very true! :) I love and appreciate my family without any religious inputShaytards! WowIt's not really that we need religion to love our families as much as it is 
loving our families is an integral part of our religion.I am not a Mormon, but I absolutely love the things they base their lives 
on and the strong foundations they create for a happy and successful life. 
I love the shaytards and I love them even more for sharing their way of 
life with us. They keep me thinking positive! Great video!Its a excellent message, but you can love and appreciate your family and 
friends without the influence of religion.Happiness doesn't last too long..it never does:)True. It doesn't matter what faith you profess. The love that we can share 
as a family is universal - it's something we all want. Our greatest desire 
is for our family to be together forever. I'd be nothing without them.Man that family has no idea how good they have it. Its cool to be able to 
watch them and experience their lives with them kind ofYou guys did a Mormon messages video?? Ah that's so cool! Hah way to just 
keep it a secret! So cool (:i like this propaganda, this is a good propaganda.Loved this! Not a Mormon but this video truly was amazing.You don't have to be a Mormon in order for this video to speak to you in a 
certain way...I'm not a Mormon, but I always love hearing the "Shaytard" family talk 
about their love for each other and not shy away from discussing their 
faith. It reminds me of my family. I like to think we're the Catholic 
version of them, because who doesn't want a family like theirs? :)this video is so special. love it <3i wish i had a bro or sis! :(WOW WOW WOW I'M SO SO SOOO HAPPY FOR YOUR FAMILY, YOU GUYS ARE SUCH A 
BLESSING, GOD BLESS. I would love to have a family like this.No it's not.Does anyone know what the music is? My favorite part of being Mormon is how it's true. Mrchris2486 Do you need a hug? Or you just talking poop cause your hating. 
If you don't like the shaytards why do watch them and always comment on 
there videos? Makes no since!B.E.A-utifullove shaytards for blessing me with the gospel. was baptised last weekend 
after 7 months of "investigating" the church. love the mormon channel and 
love my familyweird to see a comment below from an LDS member saying Mormons aren't 
Christian????Is Jesus Christ the uncreated Creator? When I use the term "uncreated" I 
mean having no beginning, has always existed. If the answer is "no" then we 
do not know the same Jesus. To be a Christian is to believe in the one and 
only Jesus Christ as He has presented himself.I AM SO HAPPY IM LDS AND I WATCH THE SHAYTARDS AND THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPYShaytards!!!!!! XxxxxxGo youtube Shaytards. :DOnly if God wants it to be so. Until then, just keep loving the gospel and 
living it!Awwwwww adorableShay!!!239dislikes are orphansThat was when shay lost sontards fish!! LolWhy are you surprised? Their faith is a huge part of their lives!Thanks for approving my comment. It means a lot to me!wow. geez. I am sad for you. I am not mormon but STOP the HATE!SHAYCARL!!!! Oh my gosh first jimmy kimmel live and now they have a mormon 
message??! This is flippin awesome!!!!! I love the Shaytards!!! 3 everyone 
watch and subscribe to the shaytards! He vlogs his life everyday with his 
fun family! They are fun to watch!Shaycarloh mormons...,Logan is so handsome...Who doesnt love the Shaytards? they are so perfect! the whole family is so 
close and to each other..its beautiful to watch in the casey laver, 
shaytards, carliestylez videos! i just love them!Priesthood for women please !Love you shaytards <3 :*Awww this made me cry! I feel like you guys really are my 2nd family! (;How can you dislike a video like this?How did I get this mormon stuff on my youtube is devin supertramp mormon 
and using youtube to propogand mormonism I do not support mormonism or any 
other occult out there sorry people will not im christian and cant do it 
but yes ill pray for u thanks