Thank you for putting this in perspective - So many of us think we are just 
unworthy sinners, and that keeps us from seeking help- here is science and 
biology - what a blessing to know you understand the addicts brain.﻿exelente!!!﻿Finally, a God -send. And I can share with people who are not interested in 
anything overly religious ...Well done, thank you.﻿Wow, now I get what is going on! Forget all of the debating and 
philosophizing about the content and what is trying to be said, just study 
the video content, it's all there!!﻿This is a great video it really offers a good explanation how drugs affect 
the brain.﻿I'm a former active member of the LDS Church... have a ton of respect for 
the people and the way of life. Great values and morals... resulting in 
happiness... no doubt when lived without the controlling factors involved 
in my opinion. But this is great technically sound information. Great 
video!﻿Thank you so much! Like most diseases prevention is best and Satan knows 
that! I found it very inspiring and now it really makes sense! I guess I am 
a visual learner. I just read that conscious thought travels at 120 MPH and 
unconscious at 100,000 MPH! Correct me if I am wrong. That's a great reason 
to pray!
Addiction's a disease
You can ultimately die
The pain does naught but increase
Here is the explanation why...
Think of your brain as a landscape
Life and experience have formed its shape
There's vast expanses full of bumps and grooves
Carved out like the wind and water that moves
The brain is a place you can see, visit, and explore
Where we can consciously taste, feel, hear and more
Walk along the cortex bumps, which are called gyri
To the front lobes that rise up from those grooves called sulci
Here form our thoughts, life goals, and personality
In the bright sunlight of rationality
Perhaps the Light of Christ is here in the mind?
Here, all are given to know right and wrong ,we find
As here is where we weigh out our options
And we exercise agency and see cautions
This is the part of the brain where we attach 
Here our bonds keeps us from behaving rash
This is where spiritual meaning is found
And where decisions of charity abound
So when there is an addiction did this area break?
Actually, they work deeper down, making it harder to shake
The midbrain does not think to ask, "Why?" or "How?"
It is primal for survival "in the now"
It is also referred to as the natural man
Here addictions hijack so pleasure can expand
The mid-brain thinks it's needed for survival
So, addicts, this is not a good time to be prideful
Start the 12 step program, now, right away
See your bishop and continually pray
Through the atonement recovery is real!
Still know this: it takes time for the brain to heal!﻿The comparisons are terrific and make addictions so much easier to 
understand, and understanding how addictions work is key to overcoming 
them. Very well done.﻿I think it's actually the mentality of the addiction that wires the brain 
and not the brain itself causing the mentality. Also the mice could have 
been just a reflection in reality of us and this psychological addiction 
rooted in anxiety and not any particular substance.﻿Bill Wagner, I don't think we have to fight the term disease itself. Here 
is The online free dictionary definition:

1. An abnormal condition of a part, organ, or system of an organism 
resulting from various causes, such as infection, inflammation, 
environmental factors, or genetic defect, and characterized by an 
identifiable group of signs, symptoms, or both.

I see addiction as a disease because it is an abnormal condition since we 
know the brain physically changes through addiction behaviors. 
"Environmental factors" could be the poor choices the addict made to get to 
that point. this does not relieve the addict of responsibility however to 
make new choices, change the environmental factors, and let the brain heal 
over time like the video talks about and the "abnormality" and hence 
disease will be gone.

I agree with you fully that prevalent in our society is a victim's attitude 
in which many try to exonerate thier shortcomings or actions as not thier 
fault because they think they cannot control their surroundings as much as 
they really can.﻿Can't say I agree with everything said, but a nice video anyway.﻿wow fascinating keep videos like this coming I'm eating 'em up :)﻿I hope that this video will one day also be available in different other 
languages, because I think it will help many people ..﻿This video is phenomenal! This will be a great teaching aid.﻿The information in this video is so key in understanding and overcoming an 
addiction.﻿fantastic, world-class information.﻿It was so cool how the church combined science and spirituality in this 
video!﻿thank you﻿This wonderful video explains the neurological issues surrounding addiction 
in an extremely straightforward and easily understood way while still 
focusing on the healing power of the Atonement. Thank you!﻿I am a member. I believe very strongly in the power of choice. The power to 
choose to have faith in an unseen God and his Son is at the core of my 
understanding. One of the ongoing issues I have with those who classify 
addiction as a disease along with cancer, colds, leukemia, and other types 
of sickness is that at one point, the addiction was a choice. I chose to 
look at pornography, smoke meth, or shoot heroin. I didn't have someone 
hold me down and repeatedly inject me until I became hooked. 

Maybe I don;t fully understand what the new definition of disease really 
is. I see one of the hardest things in recovery as moving beyond the 
feeling of "It's out of my control because it is a disease." I see the word 
disease as a way people ignore the responsibility of their choice. 

I get that there are physical side effects of continued use of drugs and 
pornography. I have seen the studies and read all the research. 

Maybe there needs to be a new definition of the condition resulting from a 
choice like this. Calling the actual addiction a disease puts it into the 
same category as things that are most of the time out of control of 
individuals. We are so quick to define something as a disease in order to 
get acknowledgement or official validation to be eligible for treatment.

Maybe I lack the right kind of empathy. Maybe I lack real understanding of 
those who haven't yet understood the power of choice in their daily lives. 
Impulse control is about choice and accountability. Are we afraid to hold 
people accountable for their actions because they will have their feelings 
hurt? Can someone help me understand the other side of this without calling 
me names or labeling me as a way of discounting everything I say?﻿This presentation is so high quality. Thanks for sharing this.﻿If a non-Christian is an addict who has been clean for a while and is yet 
struggling, what should he do first? Take the discussions so that 
references to prayer and God helping him make sense or just jump directly 
into the church's 12 step program? I have a friend I'd like to help, if I 
can.﻿This is fantastic information. 
Thank you﻿this is outstanding information. thank you very much!﻿