Doctrine and Covenants 84:88 "And whoso receiveth you, there I will be 
also, for I will go before your face. I will be on your right hand and on 
your left, and my Spirit shall be in your hearts, and mine angels round 
about you, to bear you up."﻿what about trials of giving up﻿The talk is "Lessons from Liberty Jail" by Holland given at BYU﻿what talk does this video come from?﻿True true true﻿What is the name of the talk?This always comforts me... to know that the heavens weep when we do, helped 
me to understand that I'm never alone. Beautiful message.Amazing.Yep, it is :>Family Home Evening lesson right here!!Thank you so much for sharing the location of those verses! I'm only a 
member for a year now, and I have not marked some of these, the really 
really good ones. I have a testimony of the truth of a living Prophet of 
God upon the earth, and the Book of Mormon as a canon testament of Christ. 
I know this not because of being convinced by men, but through honestly 
praying with a desire to know if this is truly God's church. Christ's 
church, restored again in perfection. And you can know it too.Iam praying forgiveness for the persecutors of Jesus Christs saints i would 
not want to be in their shoes of those who mock and spit at the truth and 
the way and life Jesus Christ and his beloved people. "My son, peace be unto thy soul; thine adversity and thine afflictions 
shall be but a small moment; "And then, if thou endure well, God shall 
exalt thee on high; thou shalt triumph over all thy foes." -D&C 121:7&8Beautiful vid! So glad to find this! <3I was wondering if his family line is still present in the church todayInfant Holy Infant Lowly I too am happy that Christ is my friend. I'm glad that you posted the 
scripture Ether 12:6. I have read it before but have forgotten it and 
needed to see and read it today. So, thank you for sharing. Even though I 
don't know you, I just want to say I wish you well and I know that as I 
have turned my heart to my savior he truly has helped me through my trials 
and wiped away my tears. Don't give up hope. does anyone know where to find the original video to download? The hymn is a Christmas hymn called "Infant Holy Infant Lowly." Beautiful 
video with a touching message. I barely got baptized on January 20 and I am so happy that I did it!! I 
have been massively blessed! I love our Savior soo much! I've never felt as 
close as I am now ,to God,Jesus,and the Holly spirit is always their for me!I think it's "Infant Lowly, Infant Holy." It's not in the hymn book, but 
MoTab sings it, as well as lots of other groups. Hope that helps. :)What heart can be given but for your brother, what life has been laid but 
for you all? Give up not your hope for you have been washed clean. Your 
sins and they are many have been forgiven you through his blood, which 
cleans! May his peace be with you always!!After I heard Elder Holland say that Jesus and the Angels weep with us, I 
started having tears fall down my face and felt sudden comfort. Been going 
through alot and have been away from church for over a year battling 
depression and financial worries. I truly thought God was too busy blessing 
the rich to care or even hear my prayers. The last three minutes of this 
video and Holland's words about not succombing to fear lifted me up. 
Feeling peace now.I just loved it!!!gracias, necesitaba un mensaje como este.I have had a really tough time recently. My wife left me in nov of last 
year and has taken our little baby boy with her. Now she is dating someone 
I thought was a friend and was in my wedding party! To top all of this off 
tonight I found out that my grandmother ad sister are both in the Hospital! 
God if your hearing this. Please please bring peace to my soul and renew my 
strength to stay on the path that leads me home to you. This I pray in the 
Name of Jesus Christ... Amenthis hit me more personal., but i know that i am not alone., and that as 
long as i do my very best in doing all he commands me to do i will in the 
end, be happy., blessed and be able to sit with him, by his side.I lost my second daughter on the 4th. Another daughter died four years ago. 
My heart is broken but my faith in the gospel plan is unshakable! I know 
they are at peace and out of pain!just a masterpiece of a video! First let me say I love this video- I knew we were considered anarchists, 
traitors a blasphemous, radical,even militant congregation to be exiled and 
exterminated because they were entitled to freedom of religion the church 
And though my Grandmother then RLDS thought the keys should have passed to 
JS son( a very distant ancestor)-I find myself more appreciative of what 
was endured during that period when we drew down the wrath of so many> This 
is reality! Thank you!The beginning is Mac Wilberg's arrangement of "Still, Still, Still". really needed this today. is this a specific talk elder holland gave? also, 
what song were they singing??Oh how the wors of this message have warmed my heart this day.The one with the choir singing? The melody sounds like "He is Born, the 
Child Divine," but I think they added different words to it. Awesome!I want to have this speech, where I can find it? Thank you.Wish I knew; it is beautiful. I try to sing it to myself at times; or at 
least sing along with it. Thanks Andy! :DAll the best to you. Some days and some years are a matter of putting one 
foot in front of the other and just keeping going. Continue to pray for 
angels to hold you up. The Lord will provide them, as you know. And yes, 
Jesus Christ is our Friend. He really is. Good luck in all you do. song is Infant Holy, Infant Lowly. Mormon tabernacle choir sings it.I was looking for this too, here it is :) motab sings it, Infant Holy, 
Infant Lowly. God bless! What is the hymn played in the background? Thank youI've been struggling with a certain trial for a time now and lately have 
had many tearful nights and have experienced great sadness and self doubt 
but this video really calmed me. It's going to be a battle but I mustn't 
lose hope nor expect immediate answers to my prayers. Ether 12:6, 
"...dispute not because ye see not, for ye receive no witness until after 
the trial of your faith" I'm happy Christ is my friendThanks so much for this video! I needed this message this night more than 
ever! God knows my personal needs and put people in our lives when we need 
to them to be there. God loves me and all of His children. As I sit in my safe,comfortable, warm home eating my abundance and variety 
of foods, surrounded by good friends, in a free land... how dare I 
complain. My life is so good and I have been blessed. It is time to double 
my member missionary efforts.There are days when I really need to hear this message. I am so grateful 
for my Savior and His sacrifice. I know He hears my prayers and listens and 
answers them. Yes, How great Thou art!there is a green hill far away ..that is the title ..may God bless you .It blows my mind that i myself who is imperfect and have so many flaws can 
be loved so much by a perfect person. Heavenly father is real and he loves 
us I know that this is true. Sometimes, the Lord puts us in darkness so that 
we may see Him as the light. The light that we can follow. Joseph Smith is 
indeed a prophet of God. Horrah for Israel! How great tho art! How great is our Savior and redeemer. I`m from Brazil. Watching this video I could feel the power of God in my 
heart! It breaks my heart so much to know how badly they treated a prophet of God, 
no one should ever be treated like that.These words from a song about Jesus Christ are sacred to me. "We cannot 
know, we cannot tell what pains He had to bear, But we believe it was for 
us He hung and suffered there. Oh dearly, dearly has He loved, And we must 
love Him too, And try His works to do." I'm not sure those words are 
exactly as in the song. But they are what I know and feel in my heart, in 
my spirit, and in those combined as my eternal soul. I thank God each day 
for the Eternal Plan of Happiness He has given us. You are never alone....That sentence alone is all I need.Indeed the LORD see us thro in everything we do. He is always with us and 
in us. Whatever things we do acknowledge Him, He is always there guiding, 
leading, and directing us in our walks of life in this world. Trouble and 
problem we will face in our daily life, we will be strong and courageous to 
overcome with the strength of God that He blessed us with .Look upon 
Him...Emanuel. Amen. How do I watch this without tears streaming down my face. Some days I can't 
watch it, it's too much for me. But how I love the Savior and respect 
Joseph and Emma for what they did, what they sacrificed. We cannot know, we 
cannot tell... Well... thanks be to God.;-)Take comfort in the words of the Lord as quoted my Elder Holland D&C121:7-8 
7 My son, peace be unto thy soul; thine adversity and thine afflictions 
shall be but a small moment; 8 And then, if thou endure it well, God shall 
exalt thee on high; thou shalt triumph over all thy foes.so great!! praise God!I am struggling right now with my life. I needed to hear this. So powerful 
all of the messages are. :)I think that of all the moments humans spend on earth, most of them are 
wasted in so many ways. Not to be judgmental, but many people are too 
ignorant and i think people would be happier if they could learn to love 
like the savior.. If we can see things for their true colors, maybe we can 
appreciate all the things we are blessed with.does anyone know where the music from the video came from? chances are its 
from motab but anyone have a name? thanksWonderful, touching and amazing. I am so thankful for my testimony of the 
Restored Gospel of Jesus Christ. I am thankful for my Savior.The trials I go through are but a moment in time. The prophet set the 
example, follow the leaders and the Lord will bless you...this I know to be 
true.i cried..We love you, Elder Holland, thank you for these words.I think this is the most beautiful video I have ever seen. Thank you so 
much.To all who seek truth, you will find it with LDS missionaries. I know 
because it has changed my life.WOW!, For me, this video is right on time;~)ThanksI'm not the type of person to get very emotional, but I cried through this 
whole thing! So touching. It makes me want to be a better person.I'm so glad we named our son after Elder Holland. I so see the Savior's 
hand in my life. I commit my life to the Lord. He is the way, the truth, 
and the life. We are so very blessed. Who's on the Lord's side who? For if 
we are with Him, who can stand against us?that was AMAZING!!! Jesus is so wonderful we must never think that He 
forgets about us for truly HE has us engraven on the palms of HIS HANDS, 
glory to God!!! I thank this Joseph Smith for his endurance and faith in 
GOD...this is so beautiful, Jesus really can give us hope, thank-you for making 
this video10*I love Jeffrey R. Holland because he is so sincere. He always touches my 
heart (: Great video.Mormon is a nickname for people who belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latterday Saints. This comes from the belief in the Book of Mormon as 
another testament of Jesus Christ in conjunction with the Bible.Each of you who sees this video will be touched in special way. May you 
each be able to share it with others.@hopetaft I agree 100%. Very well said.WOW! Everyone in America, let alone the world, needs to see this.very touching. thank you.You do an excellent job with these videos. This one was no exception. Thank 
you.inspiringbad men try evil things, good men try and overcome.i love this feeling of knowledge due to my own experiences, that God is 
able to assist us even now, after all , the Atonement has been performed 
for us His children !Beautifully done. This is a very powerful and timely message, and will be 
sharing. When we take an intimite look at the trials that the early Mormons 
endured, particularly Joseph & Emma Smith, it is certainly a testimony that 
with God all things are possible. He endured, and we can as well. He lives, 
and we shall, also!