Just awesome!﻿This hymn is so powerful! I really hope Christ exists!﻿I wish my choir can do this. <3﻿This is the most amazing thing that the Mormon Tabernacle Choir has ever 
done, and is by far the best Christmas music that I have ever heard.﻿:,)﻿Dedico esta linda canção natalina, a minha Saudosa (Mãe),que este ano 
partiu,para encontrar com seu Senhor na Glória, e fazer parte do grande 
Côro Celestial,agradeço ao Grande Coral TM, por esta linda Canção !﻿i like it﻿It sounds soothing. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz........ :)﻿Cuando escucha uno algo como esto, cuando uno VE algo como esto; esos 
rostros majestuosos dedicados a una de las más elaboradas disciplinas  del 
hombre, uno solo logra entender que la especie humana es solo una y que va 
a ser muy difícil hallar por todo el universo algo que pueda siquiera 
igualarla. Quizás si hay un puente con la divinidad, quizás existe esa mano 
tendida entre Dios y los hombres. Es posible que si seamos únicos, únicos 
como hijos de Dios.﻿This is the perfection of the song. I doubt I'd hear a better version﻿brillian voice! stunning!tear eyes﻿no one could ever give a thumbs down!﻿Like the "Battle Hymn of the Republic" the MTC has reached perfection on 
this song. ﻿Merry Christmas world.Greetings from Amsterdam Holland.﻿Who could ever give this a thumbs down?? ﻿Que música tan maravillosa e inspiradora!﻿brilliant! just beautiful! astonishing!﻿It's the icon next to the title of the video with a line and an an arrow to 
download Nancy ﻿does anyone know how to download this version? this is a different version 
than their First Noel in Amazon on their Christmas with The Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir album - I can't seem to find it anywhere...﻿3:37 favorite part﻿HERMOSA HIMNO. ME ENCANTA EL TABERNÁCULO MORMÓN. ﻿Una de las más bellas canciones de navidad. Cantada o instrumental. For 
ever.﻿Marvelous﻿Fabuloso !!!﻿this song represents a angel.﻿ so beautiful and soft. happy tears went down my cheek. this is more 
beautiful then a angel. God bless you all.﻿this is a song my class is singing for the Christmas concert 2014﻿One of the great Christmas carols of the past and present centuries.Sung 
and the Orchestra played beautifully as usual by this fantastic combination 
of musicians.﻿I love this particular Christmas carol.It uplifts and brings a sense of 
peace﻿where was this concert held??? where was this concert?? I am pretty sure this is the vid.....hahaha the woman are wearing blueThis has to be the best choir in America and sometimes I have no words to 
even describe this choir's beautiful music.christmas is coming people all the billionaires in the world and 
millionaires all the materialistic things and people governments at war 
remember there`s people in this world that have nothing and no one kids 
still dying through neglect, the richest man in the world has like 70 odd 
billion yet there are homeless people, people dying of malnutrition, old 
people dying of hypothermia. come on people one love..... <3 Well... They are dressed in blue in this video as well, aren't they ?Wow!! I can't even put it into words!Do you have a CD?I'm looking for a earlier vid of this where the woman were dressed in blue. 
Does anyone know what happened to it?God's work...Beautiful and Calming ! Truth is Beauty and Peace !I wish for all, Merry CHRISTmas 2012, too.I love the teners part! Merry Christmas everyone! #ctrand thats why i dont understand how someone can call "hip hop" music ... :P 
Fantastic job!!! <3wonderful!i like this song.... we are lucky to have a prophets guiding with us in 
this generation... i love you latter day saints.. i love you heavenly 
father.. i love jesus christ... am proud of being a latter day saints......Beautiful!I love this song, always have always will. and it seems that the Tabernacle 
Choir always do good on these types of songs. Wish i could like 
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 
times. :)What beautiful music!Beautiful. *-* I love this song! I love christmas