I belong to a different church but these messages are so powerful and 
humbling. Among our differences is the common thread that Jesus our Lord 
came down from heaven to rescue mankind. He gave us a new spirit once we 
place our trust in Him. While the world is harsh, judgmental and seeking to 
fill a void, Jesus is pure, humble, loving, strong and wise. He is my 
Sheppard and He alone the rock, not our works nor how good we are, but how 
great He IS who offers free grace to whoever would come to HimI love the analogy of rescuing others to rescuing birds. I recently rescued 
a tiny bird.. unable to fly and unable to care for itself. It took time and 
dedication but the results are limitless... literally as this tiny little 
bird will soon be flying high and soaring. Bringing the lost back to the 
fold requires that same attention and will wield the same limitless 
results. With our support the lost can reach the greatest of heights. Thank 
you for your inspiration. This was beautiful! What an inspiration he is. Wish I could take care of 
precious birds like that.Really? there are lds churches all over the world. It's pretty cool, 
actually."He's never let me down...and I know for a fact He never will" - Wouldn't 
it be wonderful if everyone could feel the love and devotion the Savior, 
Jesus Christ, as for each of us?Christ: The Great Recuser What a story! Elder & Sister Olson are my parents. Tell them I love them! Very wise words from a man who loves God, his Son, his Gospel, his Church, 
his children, and his creations. God doesn't abandon us, we abandon him. 
But his arms of mercy are always extended to us if we repent of our sins. 
Welcome home brother, welcome home.We testify of Christ.Rescue implies that we are lost.  brilliant as always. one of the few british voices here!Thank you very much. I love this so much. It's beautiful.Recently, my daughter went through a divorce and she became one of the 
"injured" birds that are depicted in this video. Lately, I have been 
feeling as if she is a lost cause and will never come back to church. This 
snippet gives me some hope. Thank you.Such a simple, yet powerful message. We have an obligation to share the joy 
and help we've received.Life does get lonely. It is never easy to be a mormon, but it is worth it. 
Put your trust in God not people because they will always let you down.Woow , great !Beautiful. When he said Christ was his best friend it brought me to tears.thanks so much! what a sweet man. Jesus is our everlasting Savior and friendIt is amazing the peace that Christ brings into our lives.thank you great message! I was baptized on the 10th of Dec 2011! best thing that could have ever 
happened to me! Beautiful message. What wise words.Thank You!What a beautiful message! I needed this today! Thank you!