"Through the savior's atonement, one not only is cleanse from sin one can 
receive strength to do very hard things"﻿Have more of these interviews, please.﻿I love when he said the Church is not some big corporation. Many people 
talk about Latter-Day Saints like we are creating some rediculous new world 
and are about to take over the world. That couldn't be farther from the 
truth. We are simply trying to do the will of our Father in Heaven. ﻿It's good to hear an apostle speak candidly about his duties.﻿My favourite apostle :)I don't know if you've heard of the churches response, "the show will 
entertain you for an evening but the Book of Mormon will change your life 
forever" (something along those lines) As a member of the church I first 
felt nervous about it because I didn't know what kind of impact it would 
have. But now I realize you have to expect that people will say what 
they're gonna say and you can't do much about it. Whatever jokes people 
make doesn't change my convictions. I am happy with what I believealguien nos puede ayudar con la traduccion. He says (4:12) that the Gospel is the same in Boston as it is in "Akraw." 
Where is Akraw? I'm sure I'm not spelling the name of that place 
correctly...@jasonsteel1002 would consult the actual Book of Mormon itsself.@jasonsteel1002 I cannot condone the mocking of religious beliefs, whether 
they be LDS beliefs or those of any other faith. As members of the church 
we believe in seeking out that which is "virtuous, lovely, or of good 
report or praiseworthy". We have a strong belief and conviction in the 
divinity of the Book of Mormon as Another Testament of Jesus Christ 
comparable to the Bible, in which we also believe. If anyone has questions 
or curiosity regarding The Book of Mormon, I would hope that theyWhat do you guys think about the book of mormon on broadway? Also though I 
don't agree with Mormon religious beliefs I think that they do teach good 
morals and I don't mean to disrespect anybody with my question I'm just 
curious.Please Please Please keep doing these interviews! The only other one of 
these you have done was with Elder Perry right? Maybe there's away to group 
these Apostle interviews together so it's easy to find all them. Thank you 
for doing these!What an excellent interview and what an awesome spirit he has. Love to hear 
that the Apostles are concerned with each one of us! Just like the Lord is. 
:)"This is an individual work the Savior knows people by name"...there's a 
lot more to an apostle than speaking in General Conference. What a great 
insight!@mormonsoprano : You mean 15 part series. :)That was a most excellent interview. Thumbs up !!!!!!!!!!!!!11111!!!!@pipavoando go to mormon channel and listen to conversations shari dew 
interviews them and their wives and it is wonderful. A fascinating and candid interview with one of The Lord's living Apostles. 
Hope this is the first of a 12 -Part series!This helps me to breathe! I am so buried in my trials was ready to give up. 
Now at least I can breatheWe were in Las Vegas watching a BYU football bowl game. BYU won, everyone 
was streaming on the field, the walkways were empty. My daughters were 
ahead of me yet I felt drawn to look around and I saw Elder Bednar, his 
wife and family. I was so thrilled to be ten feet away from an apostle yet 
my first thought was that I needed to get my daughters and bring them to 
him, even though I might miss the chance to see him myself. So I ran to my 
daughters, got them and brought them to him. So humble, yet so powerful. I really don't know who could honestly 
"dislike" this message.Wow, this is so exiting. Listening to modern apostles is truly a blessing.Love the message but whats with the Camera switching back and fore so 
much!!! should have just kept it on the one positionMore like these please!All I can say is... that was wonderful.Feel the calm, sweet confidence he has in the Savior. This is how it looks 
and feels when one has a foundation built upon the rock of the Redeemer. 
(Helaman 5:12)Our Lord and His Church is so awesome and truly, amazingly wonderful!!! The 
presence of His Holy Spirit is overwhelming! It is simply the best feeling 
in the whole world and earthly words cannot do it justice! Elder Bednar has to be the Elder McConkieThis was moving. It was sincere and personal. I hope they do more.Plain and Precious!! :) The Church is True and the book is blue...=)Nice messages! and I love what he said about the saints in Africa, how he 
learns from them!I really felt the Spirit as he spoke especially about the conversion. I 
almost cried at the end of his testimony because his Spirit was so 
overwhelming for me. Can I quadruple like this?Thank you for sharing.i agree. plus you get the sections about what we can do to help them, that 
was really good to distinguish between being and example and living what we 
know. bednar you rock Elder Bednar provides simple but significant insites of what it an apostle. 
I wonder what Paul, Peter or James would have said in a interview like 
this. To me they would have said the same or similar statements. How 
blessed I consider that I am to have decided to listen and to enrich my 
live and to believe in the teachings of Jesus Christ through the holy 
scriptures the voice of today's Apostles and Prophets.I was on a plane flight with him a year ago. It was so painfully obvious 
that he is an apostle of our Lord Jesus Christ as I sat next to him.I love the idea of interviews with the apostles, but I wish you would not 
change the camera view so erratically Thank you Elder Bednar! This really helped me. :)It would be awesome to have more informal interviews with the Apostles like 
this. It really helps me feel like I know them personally, and that they 
know me =)amenBeautiful.I really like the part about defining testimony. Great Video!It's amazing. You can tell that he knows the Savior when he speaks about 
Him. Amen!Powerful, calm, and honest. He is an apostle of Christ.I love these kind, gentle men. They are such great examples. Amen.Honest truth!I loved this message. His testimony is true. I know that this man is a true 
servant of the Lord Jesus Christ. Congrats, Mormonmessages for the good 
video. Awesome awesome interviewI love this humble testimony of a servant of the Lord. Thank you for this 
awesome teaching tool given through this interview. How continually blessed 
we are to be given this instruction through means of the Internet.