sacred calling﻿Kia Ora from New Zealand. Boyd K Packer' "What Every Freshman Should Know" 
has left a lasting influence in my life as I try to convey its message to 
influence my many grand children from childhood, teen years and young 
adults. I love his remarks re his own funereal service the tenor of which 
is..."The purpose of LDS Church Funeral Services is to testify of Christ, 
Gethsemane, and Resurrection. If any speaker should mention one thing about 
ME I shall instantly arise and correct him. That is my motive too as I have 
been a speaker at family and veteran funeral services. Like him I shall 
require that my family say all those "nice" things and growing mistakes" 
during the family and "other gatherings" looking only to The Christ in the 
LDS Church Funeral Service. Paumea McKay﻿goodbye president packer God be with u until we meet again﻿May Heavenly Father welcome the Beloved President Boyd K packer and he live 
with him and Jesus Christ I ask these things  Humbly in the name of Jesus 
Amen!﻿Rest in peace﻿I love the opening hymn (2:42)﻿Brother PACKER, please say hi to our Heavenly Father and our Heavenly 
Mother, Jesus Christ, our Elder Brother, the Holy Ghost, for me.﻿A wonderful apostle and disciple of Jesus Christ has gone home.﻿President Boyd K. Parker, God Blesses you with his great love. Amen.﻿As a member of the LDS Church we believe in the life here after; there is 
no fear but a understanding:﻿As a primary teacher I will be forever grateful for your wonderful book, 
Teach Ye Diligently. Your words live on in your books and talks. Well done 
thou good and faithful servant. You will be greatly missed.﻿What is the name of the first song ? 
PRESIDENT Packer a Great Christ's Servant ! ﻿lord will bless you for all the work you have done for him...lord is beside 
your family always....﻿Jesus will welcome B. K. Packer and T. L. Perry with open arms and say:"Job 
well done."﻿He was one of the Twelve Apostles. its so sad that he is gone. But the good 
thing is he is Having a great time in heaven. We miss you!﻿President Packer i will never forget your master piece talk "Priesthood in 
Action" & many more. We miss you.﻿What a beautiful service﻿Thank you for sharing Pres. Packer's funeral to those of us that didn't 
travel.﻿We extend our sincerest condolences and love to the entire Packer 
Family.... we love you Pres. Boyd K. Packer.  You had been one of the 
closest associates and dearly beloved apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ, 
indeed.  Well done, thou good and faithful servant-leader of the only true 
and living Church on earth.  Thank you so much for all your inspiring and 
faith promoting instructions and messages.﻿We love you President Boyd K. Packer, We are so much grateful for your 
testimony of the Lord Jesus Christ that inspired us and instill in our 
minds.﻿"well done good and faithful servant receive your rest" god be with you 
until we meet again President Packer. we at Church Educational System will 
miss you. you always brought light into the gospel.﻿He was never out of sight
Of a precious loved one
Beyond life's horizon view
Called, "Welcome home, my son!"﻿The lonely burden of death
Becomes a heavy heart
Sorrow weighs upon the breast
Such that each breath is hard

The funeral has an end
Too quickly life goes on
That is when grieving sets in
And plays a mournful song

Who will call the widow
And bid her a goodnight?
So her thoughts not hang low
Lift her to memories bright

70 years of marriage!  Little parts of President Packer live on in that 
huge family. His voice, his humor, his talents, his laugh.... What a 
blessing to hang on to and remember.﻿Say hi to Jesus for me, Boyd K. Packer. I know your there with him in 
paradise.﻿