Such a strong woman, the Lord truly loves you. Personally, I admire you and 
those who are willing to help you. "Their hands HIS hands." Greetings from 
Colombia.After fighting Epilepsy for 25 years I can relate to some degree what it is 
like to have others step into my life to assist me at times. I was very 
fortunate to have my burden lifted with surgery in 1990 at UCLA, but can 
still perceive a degree of her trial and learning. A testimony can pull us 
thru a trial and learn more about friends in our life.I am going through this exact same thing right now. Mostly with me its 
financial, because I'm in school full time and I'm living off grants and 
scholarships. I had to ask my friend for $5 the other day. It was so hard 
for me to ask her, and I wrote her a check for $8 in return when I would 
receive money. She ripped it up in front of my face without even looking at 
it! I just started crying... it may seem small, but it meant the world to 
me. Humility to ask for help, is essential to happiness.we all some way or another have our life's trials. thanks to you jess for 
sharing this with us all. u are a great and beautifull lady and u have 
showed me lots on how to deal with my own life's trials. i am in idaho 
falls, idaho. i too am in the midle of learning, its not easy but i know 
that little by little our father in heaven is teaching me in how to 
overcome and endure it all. and at the end he will bless and provide us all 
justly. thanks jess and keep up on ur firm faith in our savior...Thanks so much for sharing this video, I love the gospel and the love that 
bring into our lives. In my own life there so much to learn and we all here 
to help each other to fulfill our purposes in life. I love the gospel with 
all my heart, Heavenly Father bless us in different ways.. Once again 
thanks so much for sharing this video its brings tears of joy because of 
our faithful members.. Jess is SO awesome! So grateful for this Gospel and for friends who help us 
all out! What a great example of humility. Thank you for showing me the importance 
of being willing to receive help.I've been through alot and read the book of mormon and I'm still not buying 
into it....@Volkner01 Thank you for your comments. I am so glad the video has helped 
you and I know that as you ask for help you'll be blessed and so will 
others as they get the opportunity to help you and your family. So many are 
willing to help, sometimes they just don't see the needs unless asked. Good 
luck! MY SISTER HAS CP! ITS TOUGH 4 HER!i pray for you jess and that the stories i have heard on this site. god 
bless you and your family cuz with god we can exceed in many way's you make 
me feel good. i think i have it bad people just don't stop and think how 
god has blessed us and you. thank you to the people that helped jessie thro 
this cuz god blesses us all thro his word This touch me so deeply. Although I do not have the physical challenges,I 
have a son with Autism and I am a single mom with a total of five children. 
The biggest challenge I have is asking or allowing anyone to help me. You 
feel as though you have less value or are failing in some way if you 
receive help. I know now how wrong I was because of this story. I have been 
so humbled to hear this and now see the importance of allow that help. This 
is an Amazing daughter of God. Thank you for sharing You are so beautiful. A good exemple for all of us. I am from Brazil, my 
name is Katarine Pinto. I am LDS :)You are so beautiful. A good exemple for all of us :)i am mormon, i love my family, and i love my prophet. i am glad i have the 
gospel in my life. for people who hate us is sad because the mormons those 
people encountered must not have been good examples. i love all my felow 
mormons and those who have good hearts.You are such a great example to the world you truly are that light to the 
world that the scriptures talk about, love ya ;) u r amazing.Extremely heart warming, carry on Jess your rewards will be 
outstanding!..oh and congrats on this winning:)))I can totally relate to this as I am a 32 year old that has multiple 
sclerosis (MS). I can 100% relate to this video.I love this one. It does take a lot of humility to ask for help. I love how 
willing people around her are willing to serve. Side note....doesn't 
Spencer look a LOT like Finn from Glee?? What a wonderful story!! I love seeing so much service and love for others!!Great morals and lesson.I love her allusion to the Savior - succoring her in each act of service. 
It makes me see His love even more in my own life as I look at what has 
been done for me by others. I'm grateful for her willingness to share.I admire those who turn to God in prayer. What a beautiful video. Her attitude and courage is inspiring and I'm so 
grateful so many people are getting the opportunity to be the Saviour's 
hands here on earth for her. i love this story. I love this video. We used it for a Relief Society Women's conference. It 
really helped us to teach the importance of just the little acts of caring 
and kindness. It brought many to tears and the Spirit of the Holy Ghost was 
really with us in our meeting. This video set the stage for us and we 
appreciate Jess for sharing her struggles with all of us. She helped us all 
realize that we aren't alone.What amazing friends and Jess you are amazing 