Maybe this man was selfish, we don't know, maybe The Savior wanted to see 
his reaction after being asked to give away his earthly possessions. We 
don't know. But one thing he failed miserably he did not passed the test of 
the Master.﻿Many feel that the rich cannot enter heaven. This is not true. Here is a 
very righteous man saying, I keep all the commandments. What else will thou 
have me do? Christ says something very telling, thou would be perfect if 
thou gave up all thy riches to the poor and followed me. The man walks 
away, imperfect but still more righteous than most. Who's to say at some 
later point he did not have a change of heart, such as Peter who denied 
Christ three times at His arrest yet died on the cross for his savior as 
testament to his repentance. The gospel is one of forgiveness not 
perfection.﻿Crying, what a great video. Will u hve earthly or eternal riches, will u b 
important here or rein w/ CHRIST forever.﻿:)﻿Wish this video was in Spanish. Any idea where I can find it translated 
into spanish﻿This passage has been misunderstood by those who deny Christ's divinity 
and who could not accept that salvation comes through saving faith in 
Christ alone.

Jesus did not say, "DON'T call me good" but rather "WHY do you call me 
good?" He wants the young man to realize that by calling him good he is 
calling him God for indeed no one is truly good except God. 

He also wants the young man to realize that there are two ways to attain 
eternal life.

One is through perfect obedience to God's law, the first part of which is 
to love God with all thy strength, heart and mind (1-4). Christ's did not 
mention the first four commandments but only the second part which is to 
love thy neighbor as thyself (5-10). 

Or, through saving faith in Christ that always lead to obedience to him.

But the self-righteous young man believes he has followed God's law 
faithfully but rightly feels something is lacking. Thus, Jesus subjected 
him to a rude awakening. Christ tested the veracity of his claim. He asked 
him to sell everything he owns and become his follower.  What is this 
equivalent to?  This is equivalent to asking him to deny himself and love 
Christ with all his strength, heart and soul.

Christ wants the young man to realize in this brief encounter is to 
understand that he is the one true God in the flesh and is inviting him to 
love him, the good shepherd,  as much as he is commanded by the law to love 
the one and only true God to attain eternal life. He can only attain 
eternal life through Christ and not through the law. After all if salvation 
comes through the law no flesh shall be justified for the purpose of the 
law is to show how sinful we are needing salvation in Christ. Also if 
salvation comes through the law Christ died in vain.

One must bear in mind that what Christ requires of the young ruler is 
not applicable to all. Yes, it's impossible for rich men to be saved while 
retaining their riches but through Christ even that is possible. This is 
similar to the test God gave Abraham - to sacrifice his only son Isaac to 
prove his faith. He does not require all fathers to sacrifice their sons to 
him.﻿