It was an honor searving a mission.﻿Nice.﻿This video inspired me to help the missionaries in my ward more! Thanks for 
making this great video!﻿To all my friends who are currently serving or planning to, you are loved 
and appreciated. Never forget it or forsake the love of God, your Heavenly 
Father. Hurrah for Israel!﻿mister, what comments will you not approve of?@Polyluv650 We don't believe it is the only true church. We believe all 
churches that teach of Christ have pieces of the truth. The difference is 
that we believe that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints has 
the "fullness of the gospel ", or in other words, it has all the missing 
pieces restored into one complete gospel :)."For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever 
believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For the wages of 
sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our 
Lord. Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man 
cometh unto the Father, but by me. For by grace you have been saved through 
faith; and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God;I love the missionaries :))@nikkiclee Yea I agree 100% that an encounter with Jesus will never lever 
you the same. He ignites that fire in your heart. Have a research of Romans 
7:1-2 and Matthew 22:24-30.@Polyluv Heres I was studying the bible the otherday and a passage stuck 
out to me in luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart 
burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to 
us the scriptures? An encounter with Jesus Christ does lead to a burning 
within our bosom or heart. God bless you too my friend! @D3economist Happiness can be found out side the gospel but here's the 
thing it tells you exactly the things to do that will cause you to be 
happy. The church teaches us to help the people of the world just as you 
said and it does in fact lead to happiness. It also teaches us more things 
that lead to happiness such as how to keep our bodies healthy and strong 
and the importance of being morally clean just to name a few. I am an invistagator now of the church in town and hopefully one day If 
its God's will that i will be a mormon then i would be happy.Thanks for i 
met my mormon friends.they're cool guys!!(Y)I have met some very good and friendly missionaries here in town and I have 
no regret about learning from them about the bible and the book of Mormon. 
I have so much respect in them though I am a Catholic and so as my family. 
It's just sad because my family don't wanna try to learn about the Christ's 
Church and it's history and they don't want me to be friends with the 
missionaries because they're afraid of maybe i will converted to be a 
mormon.Good luck for Elders and Sisters!!! Have you all go to Indonesia? I just 
searched in internet and I've found LDS church in Yogyakarta. Wow, getting 
more interest to LDS. Haha..Good luck for Elders and Sisters!!! Have you all go to Indonesia? But i'll 
be hard to do it here, I suggest if in Indonesia, not do mission in Java 
Island. Maybe you could do it in Papua, North Sumatera, Kalimantan island 
or Maluku or Indonesia East region.@max10wonderboy He did, he even fixed some passages that were missing 
words, and even included passages that were omitted entirely. Google Joseph 
Smith translation of the Bible.Just a couple of years before I submit my mission papersa few more months left till i go :) i'm my wards Deacons quorm president!6 years till I'm finally old enough to go! I'm so pumped, even now! (: -3Orlandoooooooo!OMGOSH I GO IN SEVEN DAYS!!!! why joseph smith didnt talk about the errors in the bibleI love the Missionaries. Doesn't hurt that they're cute, too. :Pyes go Missionaries! I'm a Missionary! Go Elders and sisters! Everything sounds great but why is the gospel of jesus christ the only way 
to find happiness? How about believing in humanity and helping people of 
the world because you care about everyones future.i love missionaries!! Watching this video almost makes me Want to cry. I can't wait until I 
finish all my paperwork and get my mission call, I know that without a 
doubt this is the true church of Jesus Christ. That his gosple has been 
restored on this earth and that we have a true living prophet and twelve 
apostles all called by god living today. just as there once was when Christ 
established his church, when he came to earth to atome for the sins of man 
kind.i had 2 come to my hosue today was a blessing thank you Yea! Go Missionaries! @HammHetfield--As am a Mormon (member of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints), to you I would say, let's work together to make the 
best of humanity. It is true, that as Mormons we have a commission from 
Jesus Christ to go to every nation and preach his gospel. I invite you to 
read the Book of Mormon and ask God if he exists. If you decline, then I 
say to you, let you and me live up to the best that is in us and make a 
better world.Hello everyone! My name is Elder Rylan Howard Cushing, soon to be serving 
in South Africa. I'm going because the lord gave me everything i have, and 
i can give two years, and my whole life back to him. With all the joy it 
brings along the way and all the eternal blessing i will see, i will push 
through many hard days and through a hard two years, so that others can be 
with their loved onces for Eternity. I'm a member of the most selfless 
group on earth and all i want to do is give back! ThankyouIt's sad how you guys think that this is the only true church. I challenge 
you to look into how the church was founded. I think there are alot of 
great Mormon ppl but you guys lack the truth about all those other 
scriptures you read. I challenge to read only the bible and seek God to 
real His truth to you and not a burning in the bosom but a real encounter 
with Jesus Christ, then you'll understand. God bless!!!I LOVE THIS GOPEL! It's truly what gives my world hope.He reported that his enigma was solved when he received a vision of God and 
Christ, in which he was told to join none of the existing denominations. 
Some years later he organized The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, also nicknamed Mormons. The term, "Mormons" was used by those who 
attacked the church members for their belief in one of their scriptures 
used in addition to the Bible, called The Book of Mormon.The message the missionaries bring to the world is phenomenal! I've been a 
member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints my whole life yet 
each week brings new insights, new perspectives which enriches and blesses 
my life and the lives of my family. If the missionaries come a-knockin' at 
your door, invite them in, whether you're a member or not. The message of 
Jesus Christ and the spirit in which they come is what you need right now, 
today!@MCBAProductions The Book of Mormon does not take away or add to the Bible 
in any way. It is Another testament of Jesus Christ. As an Elder for the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints my purpose as a missionary is 
to help others come unto Christ by helping them receive the restored Gospel 
through faith in Christ and his atonement, repentance, baptism for the 
remission of sins, and enduring to the end. I know that this Gospel is true 
and I know the message that I share changes lives Do any of you ever think that some people want to keep their beliefs for 
themselves and would enjoy you to do the same ? I'm atheist, I don't care 
what you believe in, I wish more religious people behaved the same way 
toward atheists...I had been a christian for more than three decades, and never have I found 
such a change in my daily life and constant feeling of being blessed as 
when i joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Mormon). It 
is thru the actions and mission of these young missionaries whose gentle 
nature touched me, and whose preachings and answers touched me with its 
humility and honesty that brought me to the True Church of Christ today !@redchubs We LDS (mormon) people are Christians. Our church is called The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. Our teachings are centered on 
Christ, and we believe that Christ is at the head of the church. Alot of 
what we LDS believe is the same as what most Christians believe. However, 
some differences that stick out in my mind are that we believe Heavenly 
Father, Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost are three separate beings. And we 
believe in the Bible AND Book of Mormon.I leave to serve a mission in Atlanta Georgia in seven days!@wonderwaffle65 Me too and I thought this is a fine video.we believe very few things that are differently People since the first traveled out of Africa have tried to come up with a 
theory of creationism and I think as technology rises so will the disbelief 
of religion because even now the proof against creationism is great yet 
most belief in it and the total proportionality from the chance of god/s to 
exist to believers and I will love to be proved wrong as long as theirs 
scientific evidence, I was born a christian and with the use of only 
credible resources hard numbers and facts i question it."Go ye therefore and teach all nations" i agree with that statement but 
dont you think you should be spreading the word of the bible not the book 
of mormon nice video i love it. I'm going to serve a mission when im 21 Yes!! man i wish girls could go 
sooner but i dont mind ! this is my chance to prepare as much as i can!I can't wait to be a missionary. 19 more days :)i served with all of these missionaries Utah Provo Mission. Man i miss itGod bless all the Mormon missionaries around the world i have met some 
awesome Elders that are filled with the spirit of heavenly father thank you 
Jesus i love the church so much i wish i could hit "like" a thousand times a Thousand .......love this 
church , and the knowledge of the Savior i have come to know and love so is a mormon diferent from chathilic and protestent? please tell me (im 
protestant/chatholic i dont know what to choose but for now im christian)My goal is to be a Missionary of the lordI pray to GOD that he touches the hearts of all the lost souls. The only 
true gospel is the gospel of Jesus Christ within the Holy Bible. "But 
though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than 
that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. As we said 
before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you 
than that ye have received, let him be accursed" Galatians 1:8-9I will always be thankful for the missionaries! ¡Y siempre seré agradecido 
por mis tiempos como misionero poco después!i wonder why they block out all the negitive comments. hmm.The mission is the best thing that could have happened to me... I servid my 
mission in California San Bernardino! :) I have been a member for 4 
years... and because of missionarys i'm a member now. I thank the Lord for 
giving me this blessing ♥I love the the missionaries of the church. What a wonderful gift to give of 
your time and testimony to bring tidings of joy and the gentle peace of the 
gospel to other lives. My son is serving in Japan, and to read his letters 
and see how he has grown brings me great peace. Their message is simple, 
Jesus Christ lives and He is the Savior of the world and that His church 
has been fully restored to the earth again through living Apostles and 
Prophets. May God bless his missionaries everywhere.I am going to devote my life to God...I haven't been doing the things i 
need to be doing..or saying. So after watching this..and being adopted and 
being blessed. I am going to read my scriptures, pray, and go to church. 
thank you missionaries.COME BY MY HOUSE---YOU MIGHT LEARN SOMETHINGI'm less than a year now from going on my mission. I'm a little nervous, 
but there is no way im not going. God has done so much for me in my life 
there is no way i cant go. I'm struggling with something right now that as 
of now makes me unworthy to go on a mission, and its the hardest fight i've 
had in my life. But i've found that by reading the book of mormon and 
living the gospel, i've found it easier to resist temptation. Just another 
thing that makes me want to go on my mission.Thank U Missionairies; spreading the words of God is commendable and noble.Missionaries what a life can't wart to be one of tham i got less than 2 
years before i go out on mine@wotfingaz Happiness comes through obeying commandants and righteous 
living. What better example then Jesus Christ? The more we learn of Him and 
live as He did the greater happiness we will find. God is the only source 
of true joy. Sadness is an absence of joy or absence of God in your life. 
See the cycle?@wotfingaz I'll attempt to break down what he means.. The gospel of Jesus 
Christ is the only way to find happiness because if followed, it will never 
fail us. You could say that many followers of Christ experience hardship 
and all the calamities of life that other people who aren't believers 
experience, but the gospel of Christ can see us through those times and 
turn them into something good. Because we believe it to be the truth of 
this life, anything else falls short. Bold, but true. goodI loved my mission in Argentina. I can't imagine serving and loving people 
as much as I Ioved them. My mission prepared me for some of the most 
important events of my life. Learning Spanish allowed me to meet my 
wonderful wife when I got home and to take my children to Mexico to visit 
my In-laws and now they can grow up a little more open-minded, I hope. All 
this because I was a missionary. May God bless the missionaries where ever 
they may be serving.@wotfingaz I understand what you are trying to say. He doesn't mean that 
you can't ever be happy without the gospel, it's very possible to have 
happiness without it, but an understanding of the gospel brings such a 
feeling of joy that can hardly be described; it is a joy that can't really 
be compared to other happiness. That's what he means My recommendation is 
to find some of the missionaries in your area and ask them about it, 
they'll be happy to answer your questions. Hope this was helpful :)@wotfingaz Sure! There are so many people outside of this church who are 
happy, but knowing who you are, a child of God who loves you so much, 
knowing that Jesus Christ died for your sins and that you can return to 
live with them after death, knowing the truth and living the fulness of 
Christ's restored church.. does it get any better? Is there any other way 
to find THAT happiness? To be overflowing with such joy for all the days of 
your life.. I can't think of any other way. I know you filter comments but i got to try. If your god wants everyone to 
come back and be happy why does he fry all those who do not follow him. 
Isn't he god cant he show mercy to those who do not follow him? If I were 
god, which I am not I would allow all to be happy and try to help them 
become better people. I would not torture and kill those who did not follow 
me. Well I guess I have too many morals seeing that I am not god:( PS what 
do you think an 18 year old child can teach me?what do you think he means when he says that the gospel of Jesus Christ is 
the ONLY way to find happiness in this life? I believe that it does bring a 
heightened sense of happiness and peace into your life if you will accept 
it..but I wouldn't say its the only way is it? someone correct my thinking 
if im wrong lol.@EbonyShadow07 Well you'll really be pumped when you go to the MTC and then 
into your mission field . My Nephew is in Mesa right now and we just had an 
Elder leave from our ward to go to Northern Calif . He is in the MTC now . 
Another one just arrived in Southern Calif . (same mission as me ) And have 
another in Texas . Something you'll never forget or regret . @pps248 the earth is like a test, we came to this earth to be tested if we 
are worthy of returning to God, here in this earth we are free to do the 
right or wrong things, of course noones perfect so we all make mistaked but 
we should be striving to do the right things and return to God. if you go 
to lds.org im sure youll find a lot more info. hope this helped :)@imbiased Yes, he was the prophet shortly after Joseph Smith. @imbiased The apostles of Christ were killed and the true church with 
authority from God was taken from the face of the earth. The true church 
came back to the earth when Joseph Smith was called as a prophet. After 
Joseph Smith was killed, Brigham Young, who was one of the apostles, was 
called by God to be the next prophet. This has continued and today 
President Thomas S. Monson is God's prophet and mouthpiece on this earth 
today.@pps248 It seems that some things can only be learned by experience. Think 
of just about any skill you learned in the classroom and felt you 
understood, but then went out to do. Nothing can replace experiential 
knowledge. In order to fulfill our full potential, we need the experiences 
that life on earth can give us, so God created the earth and gave us a plan 
and pattern to live by so that we could have success in this life. That 
pattern is called the Gospel.I have only 2 years left until i go on my mission and i cant wait@imbiased Yes he was the second prophet I am about to start my papers. This video gets me pumped!Was Brigham Young a prophet?My friend and former coworker Braden is a missionary in Mexico. He is an 
exceptional young man. I am so grateful for the sacrifices of these missionaries and their 
families! My brother is on a mission right now and he is such a great 
example to me--he is happy sharing the gospel and I know he is doing the 
work of God. I am really grateful for the missionaries that came to my 
grandparents, too. God bless!excelente video... Esta es la Iglesia verdadera, Jose Smith vio al Padre y 
al hijo. y tradujo el libro de mormon por el poder del espiritu santo... el 
profeta monson es el hombre mas poderoso del mundo. ,,, tiene las llaves 
para hablar en nombre de nuestro padre celestial .. me bautize a los 18 
años y el señor toco mi corazon y sali a una mision la cual fue la 
experiencia mas grande de mi vida .. conoci a Dios y estoy consagrado a 
servilo. yo y mi familia pronto mi 4 hijo saldra a la misionMissionaries rock! Represent!!!I joined the church six months ago at the age of 33. I wish I would not 
have been so blind earlier in my life. What a privilege it would have been 
to serve God full time.Long serve the missionaries!The Church is true and the Book is blue!!!! Yeeee I love this work i love this gospel with all my heart and forever....this 
is more pure true in the world TOMORROW MY BF LEAVES TO THE MISSION IN LAS VEGAS, this is just what I 
needed to see.. :) I am so glad to have someone go and the the work of the 
Lord. Let's go missionary!Hace 20 años regrese de la mision y todavia recuerdo la felicidad de la 
gente cuando recibia la confirmacion del espiritu de que el Libro de Mormon 
es verdadero y la Iglesia de Jesucristo de los Santos de los Ultimos Dias 
tambien, comparto mi testimonio con todo el mundo!30 years ago a young man that had just returned from his mission purchased 
the car I was selling and came back a few days later and gave me a Book of 
Mormon! My life has never been the same!!! I have been so happy with the 
joy of knowing Jesus Christ as my Savior!I never would have made it this far without the missionaries love of Christ 
and His gospel. My 1 year mark in the church is in two days and it has been 
the best decision I have made! I plan on getting my mission call really 
soon!I loved my mission and I love the missionaries and the work they do.thanks for all that you do may the Lord bless you at all times sonia&familyCant wait to be calledMissionaries are awesome!!!