This message has a special place in my heart, and my life, and I will never 
forget it.﻿wheres the "absolutly love to death" button﻿Esto es muy cierto y creo que talves tomamos un camino erróneo como el 
ejemplo que el da pero El sabe porque lo hace﻿It's hard to watch. My dad died when I was 2.﻿That is something that I don't have the words to describe how much I 
learned. Thank you so much for that lesson.﻿Thank you, I enjoyed this clip. I look forward to others from you. Feel 
free to contact me to discuss more﻿I LOVE IT I LOVE IT ﻿This is a second-level lesson. It is most powerful to people who already 
understand basic things like faith and repentance.﻿Super cool message.  Just saw this post on Instagram @livingprophets. Love 
Elder Holland.﻿That decision is only up to you and the promptings you receive through your 
diligence in searching for the truth. Good luck on your journey :)I was about to go for my Chinese comedy, but I saw this new video been put 
up there, so I was like: Mmm,maybe I should watch this instead...Im glad I 
made a wise decision:) Tears in my eyes when he said: I have perfect 
knowledge that God loves us. Not give up, not jump ship. Keep walking, I 
told you to be Ok, I told you to be alright:) Thanks Elder Jerry R. Holland 
for this precious lesson.Just what I needed to hear! ♥How many times has He showed me the wrong road so that I could discover the 
right road? Tender mercies. I LOVE THIS! :DSometimes God wants us to use our agency to decide for ourselves. A 
religion professor up at BYU reminded us that agency is one of the greatest 
gift God gave us and he wants us to use it! So when we pray for answers, 
sometimes the Lord wants us to choose for ourselves, and if we choose the 
path that is not in His plan for us, He will not let us stray too far 
before He helps us onto the right path. The man in this video is my husband and the young boy is my oldest son. 
They were chosen for this because they both looked very similar to Elder 
Holland at this time. Based in the 70's, you can read the son's account in 
the Ensign article titled, Wrong Roads and Revelation. The truck they were 
driving was actually Elder Hollands old truck. The producer found it the 
day before shooting. Everything about this video just fell into place for 
our family and we were so blessed to be a part of it.That's amazing! Sounds like Heavenly Father is testifying to you that He 
knows what you need, and letting you know that what you need is the TRUE 
gospel! Talk to some missionaries :) As a convert myself, I promise that it 
will change your life completely.2 people took the wrong road , are turning around, but got stuck in all the 
traffic ;) You don't have to be Mormon obviously. The beauty in your statement is that 
God speaks to us all! I really needed to hear this tonight.... Its so awesome how Heavenly Father 
knows of our needs and what lessons we need to know and hear... Elder Holland is a wonderful example of a Christ-like person. We were in 
the same ward with them a number of years ago, Both he and his angelic wife 
Pat, are exactly as they appear to be; wise, faithful and obedient. I'm 
thankful for the privilege of knowing these really good humble people. I 
always love his messages, and they help me to try harder to be what I 
should be.Error* -TEMPLE PRESIDENTPart 3 so I hope that this mission president in Orlando Temple can give my 
particular and sacred letter to the Prophet.because there is no other hope 
for me and my life at this time.many months have passed and I don't have 
work no money. My mom is mentaslly sickPART2 it seems like she had found who God was.and Heavenly Father new I 
would be the best person that could deliver the proper message to her and 
her family.they didn't know anybody that was Mormon Christian or anything 
of the sort.what she did know is that I was a man of God. so what may seem 
to be the wrong road sometimes it is.but other times it is God calling you 
back to the direct path that you were to be onI came off my mission early to everyone else they thought it was a physical 
reasons more than I had done something wrong. my mission president wanted 
to conclude that I was in missionary put down. that in the end God had sent 
me back home because he needed me to be in the right place at the right 
time.to bless a friend of mine& release her from this mortal life. shortly 
after her birthday she died of brain cancer. knowing the inevitable before 
my mission. sorry I left your name in the temple.Hey man, I see you said that, " and I'm not even Mormom...maybe that needs 
to change." So, I wish to offer talking to you about it, see if it is 
something for you. You can contact me through replying to this, or through 
Skype, search deousjarsaxi in Skype to find me, and if really needed, you 
can email me at JarsaXi@gmail.com; however, I don't check my email 
extremely often, though, but I will try to more in the recent future, just 
in case.Couldn't have come at a better time for me in my life.I'm not Mormon, but I thought this was pretty great.I really needed thisFrom one of my all time favorite stories. I appreciate very much that this 
is now a video--thank you. There have been so many times in my life when 
those dead ends seemed terrifying--but in the end the Lord has helped me 
get to exactly where I know He wants and needs me.I sooooooo need this! I think one key here is that God didn't allow them to go too far down the 
wrong road before making it clear which one was correct. Our loving Father 
God will not allow us to spend years or many months even going down the 
wrong road without letting us know far in advance. Cast not away therefore 
thy confidence...Sick of dnd? Be a mormon!Oh wow! This was awesome! I never thought of that :DOh man, I needed to watch this. Shortly after returning from my mission, I 
got a job that required me to buy a vehicle. I spent a lot of time 
researching economical cars until I found an ugly beater with low miles 
that fit what I was looking for. I prayed about it, felt strongly it was 
the right car to buy, and immediately called the owner who told me he had 
sold it already. I have doubted my ability to hear God until this video. 
Now I know His answer just came differently than I was expecting.Anytime i watch a video on this channel, its like it knows, or more 
precisely, Heavenly Father knows i needed to see it, i needed to hear the 
advice, or lessons within it.. and i'm not even Mormon.. maybe that needs 
to change.He said he has a perfect knowledge, how cool is that :)Me alegra este mensaje me siento muy identificado espero lo pongan en 
español pronto. :)Wow! Elder Holland is truly an Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ.I needed this today soo much. Beyond perfect and precise ! Thank you!I really like the idea of receiving an answer that might take us down the 
wrong road so that when we are on the right road we'll know of it for sure. 
Great lesson. One that I will be sure to remember. What a great message to start out the day. Awesome video