These missionaries are awesome. The light of Christ shines through their 
eyes.﻿The gospel of Jesus Christ is... Is... Just amazing! ﻿I just saw this video because my aunt posted it to FB. Sister Janet 
Zaldivar is my cousin. I haven't seen her in years since I live in Texas. 
It's great to see her so happy.﻿I actually saw Sis. Voles at the MTC while I was there before I went on my 
mission to Chicago for two years. She looked different. These videos are 
great! The gospel is true!﻿I think, 9/10 times I go to church the missionaries have no idea I am 
there, and I always wondered if they felt disappointment, because they 
looked happy when they saw me way in the back. But I have a way of being 
able to slink in without disturbing anyone lolSo interesting to watchMormon WOOOOO! Im ldsShay carl liked thisThis is coolShay when she new vid upMan, what an incredible treasure these videos will be to these missionaries 
20yrs from now.. all I got are a stack of faded photos! So jealous.Honestly i love this film. When the Elders and Sisters preach the Gospel 
out in the field is True. I believe every word they say is 100% is True. I 
myself have a true testimony of the Gospel. The Lord have bless my life 
today. The spirit of heavenly father is so powerful. That why i love this 
Gospel. It all true what the Elders and Sister teach and preach is all 
true. For me i cant wait to serve the Lord. I have 3 cousins currently on a mission, a brother leaving in a year and 
myself in 3. Me too! Woo!So cool. Thank you for sharing, the spirit is in this film.waiting on my mission callLove this....:)I like this video its so spiritcal and i felt the spirit inside of my heartI miss preaching the gospel in korean. I miss my mission and my companions! 
God bless you all full time missionaries!Sister Voyles has a sister in my singles ward, and I didn't even know it. 
But they look I-DEN-TIC-AL!!!!!! So funny. They even talk the same way and 
have all of the same mannerisms!Great! It's all good man! I just made a comment above that in a week I'm going 
back to visit my mission after having been home now for 12 years! You're 
mission--and the people you touch--will become a part of you, into the 
eternities. And you, too, will want to go back to your mission after 12 
years! So good luck, and enjoy every minute!I'm going back to visit my mission in a couple weeks after having been home 
for 12 years! This video made me so excited for my trip!Oh! I miss my companions... It's so great to watch this :DThese are awesome. I hope the comments stay civil as well so that they 
won't be disabled by necessity. San Diego is near Tijuana is a rough district I congratulate you. The 
gospel is needed a lot of lost souls due to drugs an other issues. I have to say:" Preach my gospel". I'm leaving in a week and a half!!! Ahhhhhh!!!!! I'm so excited and nervous 
and cannot wait to leave, but I'm still freaking out cuz my mom is starting 
to freak!! Ahh!That young lady and John are in a same situation as I am with my boyfriend. 
He is ready to get baptized but won't. Except we don't love together.This is a great pre-missionairy "sneak peak"! I love it!Coffee!?! No coffee!?! My favorite part when I was missionary! :D Haha.de verdad el campo de mision es muy fabuloso!!.es bello,uno se siente muy 
bien!!Amazing. Thank you missionariesMore great lessons from this series!