hi﻿This Elder Perry voiceover of a short (2:22) segment of an original 19-min 
video (The Restoration) is very good.  The original is a more in-depth 
message that is very sweet and gives some background on the religious 
"controversies" of the time, leading to Joseph's decision to go and ask of 
God, who gave him a glorious answer to his question of which church to 
join.  Good to share with friends of all faiths.﻿It is true that the fullness of the gospel of Jesus Christ has been 
restored in print and in text in the stick of Joseph or Book of Mormon and 
the stick of Ephriam or D&C. This fullness of equity and righteousness or 
"all things in common" has been rejected by the house of Ephriam and they 
have gone on and built temples. And for this cause the Lord has hid his 
face from the house of Ephriam till they acknowledge this offence and keep 
this commandment to be equal. Then he will meet them in personHey I'm teaching the lesson of the Restoration to my friend, where can I go 
to download this?Amen Elder Perry, Thank You for Your Dedication to The Lord!How are you doing now? Better I hope?Had Stake Conference yesterday . We have a new Mission President now . He 
is an MD who got his trainging at Duke Univ . Why would someone leave a 
medical practice , move away from his home and family for 3 years , 
receiving no finacial compensation for it ? Because he knows the message of 
the restoration of the Savior's Church here upon the earth is true . if anyone lives in Nelson New Zealand and wants a copy of the book of 
mormon or a meeting with our missionaries then send me your contact details 
and I will see what i can do These Mormon Message videos are great. I like how he re-emphasizes the name 
our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ in the end of this video. These last 4 
years ive harshly criticized the LDS church calling it a non Christian cult 
persecuteing its members and pridefully starting debates with them...this very video changed my life. I truly believe that Joseph Smith saw God and his beloved son Jesus Christ 
on that day, i never doubted it ever. We are truly blessed to have open 
hearts and contrite spirits which allows us to know the gospel. Thank you 
Lord for choosing me to be a servant.@sweetere Story of my life. I agree the Gospel is here in its fullness and is true and Joseph Smith was 
good and honorable and Christ is at this center.I want to read the book of Mormon, how can I get a copy please?To "all who WILL (choose to) listen"@blckchrysda I am not sure the answer to your first question, but in the 
Bible when Jesus was baptized, God identified him in the same way. Matthew 
3:17, "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." To your second 
question, in John 15:16, Jesus tells us that he chose and ordained his 
apostles. He gave them his Priesthood. I know that God and Jesus visited 
the boy Joseph Smith, and I know that we all lived before we came to earth. 
Remember you can always ask God anything.@blckchrysda The priesthood was the authority Christ spake of that He gave 
to the apostles to go out and teach, heal the sick, & baptize. Why do you 
think Christ went specifically to John the Baptist who was a good walk away 
and not someone nearby? @ccolimon yesI believe with all my heart that Joseph Smith really was called of God to 
bring back Christ's original church to the earth. I prayed about these 
things and the Holy Spirit testified to me of their truthfulness just as He 
has testified to me the truthfulness of the Bible and Jesus Christ's 
atonement. I am so grateful for all the happiness and joy that the gospel 
has brought my life. @blckchrysda As far as Bible verses concerning Apostles and Priesthood, 
here are a few verses: Matt 10:1 "When He had called unto him his twelve 
disciples, He gave them power..." Matt 16:19 "I will give unto thee the 
keys of the kingdom of heaven.." John 15:16 "I have chosen you, and 
ordained you.." There are several other verses that refer to the special 
power that the apostles had. As to your first question, I 'm not really 
sure what you're asking and why it's significant.I am grateful for a loving spouse who was willing to share this good news 
with me and that I eventually listened and obeyed. Truly, we are members of 
the only church with the fullness of the Gospel. So, happy there was a 
young boy willing to ask, "Which of all these churches are true?" Thankful 
our Heavenly Father answers our prayers. Yes, I believe in God, the Eternal 
Father and in His Son, Jesus Christ and in the Holy Ghost. Jesus is the 
head of this church. Holy Ghost told me this.@sweetere how can anyone know anything by revelation?@dancinXthruXtheXrain Does the LDS church believe in the Holy Spirit ?@blckchrysda your emotions are one step in gaining knowledge. Then what you 
learn and feel must be backed up by what you experience. Only through this 
way is knowledge gained and confirmed, through the Spirit. Doubt is 
replaced by surety. Something you cannot deny. Not everyone wants to or is 
ready to take that journey, but eventually everyone gets off teh fence and 
searches it out for themselves. @blckchrysda What is the difference between emotion and the Holy Spirit? Do 
you have a knowledge that God lives and loves you? Do you know that the 
Bible is true? How do you know? The Holy Spirit will bare witness of the 
truth of all things.@sweetere What a beautiful testimony. <3this definitely builds up self confidence!I have a couple questions. Why Did God not identify by name Jesus Christ as 
the person to "hear him"? If there was a need for a restoration please tell 
me in the Bible where it says the Biblical Apostles had the Priesthood?@sweetere Jeremiah 17:9, God doesnt want us to rely on emotion to make 
choices especially when it regards our souls. What did you do to prove to 
yourself the LDS church is the one and only true church?Please translate this video into Spanish. This is such a powerful message 
that I would like to share the video of to my Spanish speaking family and 
friends. Watching Mormon messages always inspire me and make me want to be better, 
even if it is a bad day. I am thankful that the church puts these online so 
I can easily hear the words of the prophets and help me be a better person. 
:)I will never forget the day when I recieved confirmation from the Spirit of 
God that Joseph Smith was a prophet. I was seeking truth in this world and 
was so confused by all the ways of the world. Then as I went and prayed for 
myself, I recieved an answer that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God and the 
Church of Jesus Christ was the path I was to follow. I am so greatful for a 
loving Heavenly Father that answers prayers!What a wonderful calling to the children of god to awake.Even after we die, if we did not find the truth, God has made it possible 
for us to receive His gospel. That is what temples are for. We do vicarious 
work for those who have passed on, for those we love. God is a just and 
fair being because He will make sure that ALL of His children have the 
opportunity to accept or reject His gospel.Noah had the right answer to his times. Moses had the right answer for the 
Hebrews in Egypt. Jesus had the right answers - the fulness of the His 
gospel. Prophets today are called by Jesus (Acts 3:19-21) to restore that 
fulness. In any age, the 'right' answers have come to prophets from God - 
the message is open to all those who 'have ears to hear, eyes to see, and 
hearts to follow.'and ask of him of courseThis is the official church of Jesus Christ. Come and be saved for there is 
no other way nor name given under heaven whereby man may be saved. Only in 
and through the name of Jesus Christ with the proper authority that NO 
OTHER church has. This is true I bare testimony.The answers are not only given to the Mormons.... The Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-Day Saints offers freely to teach the Gospel of Jesus to 
all who seek it.thanks for this message! God lives! Jesus Christ lives! We all live! I know 
that Joseph smiths life was Inspired by God and Jesus Christ!This is your opportunity to understand the answer; the Plan of Salvation. 
The church is highly dedicated to missionary efforts around the globe. We 
see the gospel not through the eyes of privilege but through the 
understanding of great responsibility. All are welcome and your observance 
of these messages provides you with the same opportunity to understand the 
truth of the restored gospel.:D He gives the answers through His prophets to EVERYONE in the world. You 
can know for yourself of the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon by studying 
the Book of Mormon and sincerely praying to our Heavenly Father, asking if 
the book is true. In the Book of Mormon, read in the book of Moroni chapter 
10 especially verse 4. The Lord makes you a promise there and He will keep 
that promise. You can know for yourself that it is true. You can know. Feel 
free to ask ...he doesnt give to just mormons. he invites all men everywhere to know the 
knowledge of the gospel. you just have to be willing to accept and learn of 
his wordYou say Life is a Test; how could God be a Fair and Just Being and give 
only the Mormons the Answers to the Test?truth has been restoredGod Bless our prophetsI only know that this is completely true, im so thankful for prophet Joseph 
being so brave and for the love of our heavenl y fatherNo one who really wants to know the truth has to remain in darkness. The 
Lord will bless those who earnestly seek His will with a sure knowledge 
that this is His true church upon the face of the earth.I know that this event happened because when I was 16, I knelt and prayed 
and asked if the Book of Mormon was as true as the Bible and if Joseph 
Smith had seen Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ. A feeling of peace and 
warmth came over me and confirmed to me that it was true.what blessing we have..awesome..this is a really good video, but i want to give you a tip to reach more 
viewers. if you add more tags to it like "mormon, morman, joseph smith" 
(pretty much anything that even remotely relates to the Church) it will 
show up in more people's searches. Thanks for this amazing channel!should be featured.Simple.. And Good..Everytime I watch these kind of presentations, my mind opens that I can 
aswer every question in it about the gospel. Thank you.This video is very good! Thanks! I know that Joseph Smith is and was a 
prophet of God and the Church of Jesus Christ is real!Thank youThis message is true and is for the whole world to hear. Jesus Christ is 
real and died for us. Joseph Smith was a prophet just as Thomas S. Monson 
is a prophet today.awesomeWhat a beautiful and powerful testimony, concerting the restoration of the 
Church. tDMgthank you for this, elder L. tom perry is truely an apostly from God, he 
has that certain personality, as do all the apostles, that make you want to 
listen.I am shut in. Other than home teachers and an occassional visit from the 
bishop, The church Web site is my main source for news of the church. Each 
Sunday I listen to a session of general conf. and I am always discovering 
new things. Today I found lds gems and this site. I think it is great. What 
a fantastic tool the internet can be for learning, teaching and sharing the 
Gospel. I am so thankful for it. To whom ever is responsible thank you and 
keep ,up the good work.Thank you- I felt so peaceful while I watched this.I'm also glad the Church has another official YouTube Channel. It is one 
that we can trust unreservedly. I hope, as am sure many others do also, 
that you will post many good videos that we can use to share the Gospel 
with friends and family everywhere. Thank you for this and all videos.The Lord loves all of his children and He wants you to have a testimony of 
His love for you and me. He is there for you as He has been for me. He 
loves enough to send us to this earth to learn how to be like Him. Try it, 
just a simple prayer will do wonders if you just ask in faith.I rember when the missionaries were teaching the discussion to me and my 
family,when they were sharing with us about the first vision I felt in my 
heart that was true but my brain will tell me that it wasn't.I told the 
missionaries why an american and not someone else and their simple answer 
was we know that is true but you have to know for yourself. And one day I 
just knew it with out a doubt.I know the church is true.I invited everyone 
to try and ask Hevenly Father he'll tell you the true too.I am so glad that the Church has this official Channel; I am excited to 
learn and share!I love it! I'll share it with everyone. Where did you get the music?Just as prophets of old were bidden to speak the words of hope and faith to 
the inhabitants of the earth who are the sons and daughters of God. Just so 
God speaks today through the mouths of men He has called to warn and 
prepare His people. He is the same yesterday today and forever and I 
testify that this message is true and from God for the benefit if men and 
women everywhere