I have the desire of preaching like that son of God.... Peter... was a such 
strong son of God to do such a thing.. He is an example to follow... Thanks 
God... let us be aware of your glory in this earth.. Your kingdom has come 
and I ve realized hat without this teaching I wouldnt feel be able to 
overcome difficulties.﻿The testimony of those apostles and other martyrs are good reminders to 
stand up for our beliefs﻿Yes it is.they should make a whole 2 hour long video like these short bible videos 
there really goodPeter is the greatest of the 12 it saddens me that the enemy would stone 
him, arrest him and worse hang him on a cross and execute him when they 
arrested Peter he declared "You may kill me but ye men of Earth will never 
have the priesthood until the day you learn the truth" and with that Peter 
cursed the enemy and the priesthood was taken until Joseph restored it. Yup, Peter is played by the very talented Nathan Mitchel, who also played 
Joseph Smith in "Joseph Smith: Prophet of the Restoration", "American 
Prophet" and "Emma Smith; My Story". Also he performed a role in "17 
Miracles" My we all have the courage of Peter and JohnYes, it is! His performance is incredible. I loved Nathan MItchel as Peter.He portrays the strength of Peter to whom the resurrected Lord had come and 
called and prepared... Beautiful testimony and beautifully acted.Nathan Mitchell, who plays Peter in this series, also played Joseph Smith 
in several videos. They can find other actors, but he's a really good one and they've got him 
right there. Bird in the hand, y'know? IT is indeed! Estos videos son muy lindo,Como puedo oirlos en espanol.That was too short!! I wanted to watch more!I like that he gets arrestedyes he is the same actor, i realized that when i was watching it.is there gonna be a DvD for all this?Yeah: Starring Joseph Smith as Peter.. The guy is amazingYes.I love that you guys are uploading new testament stories right now.I'm at 
Acts 8Yes, this is the same actor :)It isYes, it is the same actor.yup same guyCheck out my sister and I at 2:07 ish by the pilar! So much fun!!! Hahah!Why is Joseph Smith Peter? Can't they find actors?I love how Peter preaches and will not be stopped! He is so great. A great 
example. very goodHow powerful, to consider that change came over Peter and the remaining 
Apostles. Truly inspiring. I bet it's going to get really confusing if they film the reenactment of 
Peter, James, and John giving Joseph Smith the Melchizedek Priesthood...yes At 2:16, did Peter punch the guard in the chest, knocking him into another 
person? What a boss!Yes it is. It is the same actor. Looking at him here though he would have made a 
brilliant looking Jesus only a few years agomost defIt definitely is Yes =DI think that is. I never would have thought about it if nobody had 
mentioned it...A few months ago I was studying the New Testament more closely than I ever 
have before. You can see a difference between the kind of person that Peter 
was when Jesus was with them, and the person he became afterwards. Peter 
really amazes me at what a good and Christlike leader he became.@paperbullet1945 - yesIs the actor playing Peter the same one that plays Joseph Smith in the 
movie "Joseph Smith: Prophet of the Restoration?" He reminds me of Joseph Smith