How do we download this to show to our seminary students?WHOOOOO GO SEMINARY!!!!!!!!!! Oh and you cant forget Elder Oaks :)What about the story of jephthah >> That's a great old testament storyI got baptized in June! So, this will be my first year attending seminary! 
I'm a junior in High School, and am really excited. Only about 10-15 kids 
in my seminary, but Im looking forward to knowing all of them (:someone tell me where it says in the bible that Adam was a spirit elsewhere 
before he came to earth? battling satan? that was jesus.Gracias Elder Oaks. Nosotros tuvimos nuestra apertura de seminario este 
domingo y mostramos el video a nuestros jóvenes de barrio. Muchos de ellos 
son miembros nuevos y esta clase les ayudara a conocer de la fidelidad y 
valor de los miembros de antaño y de las palabras de los profetas 
anunciando al Cristo.havent gone to church or seminary in years..theres only 4 kids on my seminary i dont go to it anymore e_eThank you for this wonderful video. I am going to start reading my 
scriptures daily. Its been hard doing that becuase of my work schedule but 
I WILL try to do it daily starting this week! ♥Seminary is a great blessing. I can't wait until we get to Joseph and all 
the other prophets!Excellent message and encouragement to know Our Father in Heaven better and 
do His will for us each day.Thank you, Elder Oaks! I can't wait to show this to my two boys when they 
get home. Our younger son is starting Seminary this year and our older son 
is on his second Seminary year. I am praying they will both have a 
wonderful experience studying the Old Testament this year. How wonderful to 
show them this and help them appreciate what a blessing Seminary is. I 
appreciate your advice on how to make it especially meaningful in our 
lives. We love you, Elder Oaks!@s2broadwaybabys2 MeI love having early morning seminary. Cause it makes may day awesomeIsaiah and Jeremiah are awesome! I need to find a wife as pretty as Esther 
in EVERY way :)I looooovvvveeee seminary and I can't wait to start!! :D :DDo all mormons go to seminary?who here hates days where they DONT go to seminary!? :)Makes me want to go to seminary again.Yay I'm reading this right now and i'm glad I am! I thought this year was 
new testament. Well, I guess this year I will be prepared for the lessons 
:D YES!Thanks Elder Oaksi tried to read the old testament but i stopped cause it was kind of boring 
but i'm sure my seminary teacher will make it funThis is downloadable on the seminary teachers' website under Prepare a 
Lesson, Welcome. For those of us with really slow internet, it's better to 
have it downloaded before class!i love elder oaks, haha he sounds just like papa bear from bernstein bearsYey! I'm so excited for seminary this year! I have defiantly noticed the 
difference this summer when I wasn't going to seminary everyday. Even 
though I got a little more sleep I just wasn't quite as happy as I had been 
when I was being uplifted in that particular way.Can't wait!I started seminary 12 years ago on the OT! Man I feel old! HAHA. Very excited to start seminary next week. ^_^Very good message!I can't wait to go to seminary this year!!!! =Dwe it is my 4th year of seminary now and i like to thank to tachers i had 
that got up at 5:00 am with us Elder Oaks is awesome.Yea ! seminary ! I miss seminary. Gotta love the OT!first