I say it in a little different way..."Our father who art in heaven hallowed 
be thy name thine kingdom come thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven 
give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we 
forgive those who trespass against us lead us not into temptation but 
deliver us from evil thine kingdom the power and glory forever and ever 
amen." I know this and I'm 10﻿Amen.﻿Amen﻿awesome watch it everyday﻿God is good thank you Jesus for what you did for us. ﻿It would be interesting to compare these exact words with that of the other 
gospels....and then establish a round about view point,,,, and although in 
likeness it holds true,,,, Dose it really make a difference??? If we feel 
the same meaning and uphold to that prayer??? I suppose to see if it works 
so too should we engage in creative thought,,, and inspiration as long as 
it dose not corrupt the words or meaning.... If it dose then leave it to 
this prayer!This was a model prayer as he said , "In this manner" That means "likened 
to" It was not given to recite and use only those words.. Also understand, 
when Christ gave the nodel prayer, he was not praying but only gave an 
example for us..AMENSuperb. Evocative and inspiring.Before reciting the example prayer (known as the Lord's Prayer) he says 
that those who pray in public are hypocrites and the recitation and 
repetition of prayer (the repeating of his example included?) is 
heathenistic. Is this not an issue with modern christianity?yo se que son verdaderos estos vídeos,son un mensaje de Jesucristo al mundo 
atraves de su profeta viviente,el presidente monson I've had some thoughts about things I'd do differently, as well, as I've 
watched these. Then I had an experience in which one of the things I 
critiqued initially ended up making a huge impact in my life. I believe 
that certain things are the way they are in these videos because the Spirit 
inspired someone to do something a certain way. That's the only way I can 
explain how every Church video (even the semi-cheesy 1980's ones), can have 
such a huge spiritual impact on me when I watch them.I felt the spirit, meaning this video is approved of by God. Well done and 
great video for all to see!I think a couple of the lines were delivered too quickly. Other than that 
it is n excellent videoAmenI love Jesus my savior and try to follow him.Thank you for your remarkable productions.The video is entitled "The Lord's Prayer." Accordingly, it includes the 
Savior's instruction on prayer from Matthew 6, up to and including His 
utterance of the prayer. There are only 2 verses omitted, both of which 
deal with the giving of alms. The video otherwise includes the scriptures, 
in order, as recorded in the Gospel According to St. Matthew.Beautifully done. Awesome Video!!! This video is about prayer. They didn't switch the scriptures around. They 
went in order and skipped the one or two verses which talked about giving 
alms so that they could focus on the message of prayer, I imagine.Awesome video! As mentioned earlier, not sure why verses 3 and 4 were left 
out. Speaking of the King James Version of the New Testament.Exodus314IAM: The scriptures are perfectly quoted and in order. They *left 
out* verses 3-4 because those speak about doing alms. This video is 
*solely* about prayer. I've been in Catholic, Episcopal, Lutheran, Baptist, 
Methodist, First Christian, etc. churches, & when they are speaking to 
*one* topic, they always leave out verses that don't apply to that topic. 
The message here is prayer, and it is given 100% exactly as Christ gave it. 
Why would U question it? Trying to make LDS *look bad*?These videos are so powerful. It is as though the Savior Himself is 
speaking. And perhaps in a real way, He is. Thank you for these, thank you 
so much. These have changed my life. And it needed changing. :D absolutely wonderfulThe Lord's prayer is sacred and beautiful. Thank you.Wow, that was excellent. Why did you swtich the scriptures around? putting them out of order, is it 
to make a different meassage?beautiful, thank you.I really liked this one. Thanks :)Beautifully done... thank you. Very insightful and reverent. Thank you