Why did I decide to watch this? :'( I am not her, nor know her situation, 
so have no idea what it would have been like to make such a choice and am I 
glad she found peace in her decision, but I can't see why her 'big' family 
and her couldn't have made it work? Sure, it would be tough, but later on 
maybe she would have found someone worthy for her and her little girl? I 
hope she keeps in touch with the family who are raising her daughter 
because one day, this little girl will want some questions answered. Much 
love xx﻿As I wipe away my tears after watching this video, I realize how strong 
Katie had become. I felt for her as she gave away her parental rights to 
her baby girl. I am also glad to know that the baby girl has the best 
possible care now. God bless you now and always Katie...﻿you are one brave amazing woman﻿I was adopted through LDS Family Services over twenty-years ago. For my 
adoptive family, it was such a great blessing to finally have a child. They 
waited over ten years after starting the initial paperwork. I was fortunate 
to have been able to connect with birth mom after I reached adulthood. I'm 
grateful for the sacrifice she made so that I could be with a family that 
was in a better situation at the time. And my family is grateful that they 
received an answer to their prayers.﻿god will bless her﻿I cannot imagine the difficulty in making this decision, but I truly 
believe this woman showed one of unselfish love for her daughter. She 
wanted her daughter to have the best life possible and knew she was unable 
to provide that for her. It's not a matter of NOT LOVING her daughter, it 
is a matter of LOVING HER MORE THAN SELF. It's truly one of the most 
unselfish gifts a mother in such circumstances can give. I applaud her for 
this. I pray she will find happiness for herself.﻿this is so nice﻿As parents of adopted children I give a heart felt thank you to those who 
find the strength to allow their child to be adopted in order to give the 
baby more opportunities than they may have had otherwise.﻿An alternate to abortion. This is probably the most selfless thing a mother 
could do.﻿Thank you to who ever puts these precious Priceless Messages of Hope 
Forgiveness and Pure Christ like Love. I fell away for many years from the 
church because I felt unworthy, unloved. My trials began to make me *Bitter 
Not *Better. Until something tragic and know to understand and feel of my 
Heavenly Father's Pure love For me . These messages of hope have been what 
has brought me back to the light. I am truly greatfull to have come upon 
these in some of my Darkest Days it has been my Reminder that this pain is 
only temporary and instilled a sense of Hope and Peace again. Thank you to 
everyone who helps create these special reminders that were all children of 
God. 
And Bless this sweet Sister for Helping remind me of this yet again. God 
Bless y'all. 😇 💕 💖﻿