Think about it. why would Joseph Smith and the other founders and early 
saints of  the church suffer all that persecution and tribulation for a 
lie, the answer, they wouldn't.... The truth is Our Heavenly Father and his 
son Jesus Christ DID appear to Joseph Smith in the Sacred grove and 
instructed him under their direction to restore Jesus Christs church to the 
Earth I bear solemn witness that Joseph Smith WAS a prophet seer and 
revelator of God and that the Church Of Jesus Christ Of Latter Day Saints 
is the true church on this Earth.﻿I've seen several people asking whether Jesus is black or white.  Let me 
say something. It doesn't matter what His race was. His teachings and 
Atonement are what matters. ﻿I used to be a Mormon, but after I began to have doubts on the veracity of 
the BoM as the history of ancient Jews in America, I set myself apart from 
the chuch. Archaeology has convinced me the BoM was an invention of Mr. 
Joseph Smith. If he wasn´t a prophet, so none of his successors were. Now 
I'm looking for a sound doctrine church where to attend.I hope you have been replied to before now, but on the chance you have not 
please find this site i have paste for you here. I hope it helps you. 
mormon (dot org) /free-book-of-mormon You can also find my profile on 
Mormon.org. My name is Brenden Johnston and the picture of me is a close up 
of me, a pale chubby face with blonde hair. My best wishes to you i love the bible. i love the book of mormon also because both books helped 
me to have a strong testimony of Jesus Christ. The book of mormon was 
written for us, to help us to know who we are and how can we succeed in our 
life and eternity. But why would God talk to only one people while He has several children on 
earth ?And that's great! But, are two witnesses not greater than one? haha :) And I believe; that the current President of The Church, Thomas Monson, 
speaks directly to God. I am A Mormon, And, dang it! a Mormon just 
believes! I know that I must go and do The things my God commands. I 
realize now why He sent me here. I believe that Satan has a hold of you I 
believe that the Lord, God, has sent me here And I believe that in 1978, 
God changed his mind about black people! You can be a Mormon.. A Mormon who 
just believes!the Book of Mormon will help us have a greater understanding of the love 
our Heavenly Father has for us and will bring us closer to Him.others could use the same logic and say: "Sorry I believed in God after I 
read the book of Matthew. I dont need the other 3 gospels." To members of 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints the Book of Mormon is no 
less valid as a source of holy scripture than Mark, Luke, and John are. In response to IrishBuddaFilth's comment a year ago, I know the sweetness 
of the Holy Bible. It contains truths about God and about his Begotten Son, 
Jesus Christ. I would like you to answer this question within yourself 
honestly and frankly: if a heavenly messenger sent from God stated that God 
wanted to bless you with more of His words, would you accept those words? 
Would you allow God to give you more, or would you say that you were 
content with what was already given and not accept more?Friend with all do respect, the bible is College in the sense you just used 
it. Do u read the bible everyday or do u stick to the Book Of Mormon?.No it's not enough just to believe in God. We also need to learn more about 
His character and receive a more complete understanding of His ultimate 
plan for all His children. If the Bible by itself was enough, we wouldn't 
have thousands of different Christian churches who each profess to have His 
truth, but disagree so much about His doctrines. Obviously, more is needed 
to clear up those misunderstandings caused by incorrect translations of His 
Word and missing from the original text. The Book Of Mormon is another testament of Jesus Christ. It is in 
conjunction with the Bible.<3 mormons 4 ever....... :)))))The Book of Mormon is a companion to the Holy Bible. Over the years pieces 
were lost from the Bible, those plain and simple truths that the Book of 
Mormon restores to us those truths. In answer to your question, "Shouldn't 
that be enough?", the answer is that the Holy Bible is not enough, why 
would God have prepared the Book of Mormon to be a companion to the Bible 
if the the Bible was enough? It is also more plain and simple, so it is 
harder for people to misinterpret what is inside.John 14:26 26 But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father 
will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things 
to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you Remember the Lord is 
not going to change to your Ideals, but he is going to help you discover 
his Truth. Who he is. You are than left with a decision to accept that. 
John 17:3 3 And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only 
true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.  So take what you think you know of Jesus Christ and God the Father and 
compare that with What The Book of Mormon Plays out in it's voice of God 
and Jesus Christ. This may be your first step. My sincere prayer is that 
you may find your answer through the Living Christ by his power and 
Testifying messenger "The Holy Ghost" which is the source of all confirmed 
Truth about The God Head and Diety . Until you are clear with that you won't discover his voice. The Book of 
Mormon is "a voice calling you" with clarity on the Nature of God, his Son, 
and the roll of his Son. It is to be tested by your picture of Who Christ 
is and than to bring into light the true figure of Christ so that you may 
know who Jesus Christ is. So that you may know. Move on to what is my question? Do you not speak with the Lord and expect 
an answer, and not leave his side until he has confirmed the truth to you. 
If God is the author of all Truth and has the power and clarity to 
communicate with you his child, than what is there to move onto?I am a member of a baptist church, I am 15 years old and am forced to go. I 
have two best friends which are both LDS. I finally came interested in the 
Mormon church when being with them one day and seeing how good they are, 
what kind of clean fun they have, and the way they talk. Just recently I 
went to the temple for the first time in my life, I was given a book of 
Mormon and I've been reading it ever since. I couldn't be more interested 
in the church and I just wanted to say thank you for putHi. I am LDS or mormon, and i am young. Very young. I love seeing that 
people are joining so frequently. When i saw someones testimony, the person 
was catholic, i almost cried in happiness. For all you non-LDS people, this 
is the first article of faith out of the thirteen: We believe in God the 
eternal father and in his son Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost. Please, 
do some research, and let God guid you to the one true church. The Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.@DannyBoy52785 What would you like help with? I would love to answer any 
questions you have.@DannyBoy52785 You can always look up the closest church to where you live 
on lds.org. They have a meeting house locator. Once there, there will be 
many who will be ready and willing to help with anything you need. Keep 
reading the Book of Mormon and I know God will bless you beyond 
comprehension. It is the word of God.I read the book of Mormon....But I need some help. I might have to read it 
again. Anyway I can get some help? I am currently not a Mormon. But I am 
very interested in joining the church. Thank you @wmpowell13 I am proud of the love for ALL people that the Mormon people 
taught me. I believe that we are all here for a higher purpose....but not 
all can see this light. God loves his people, including the 
Buddha-Jesus-Christ and all others who are good in their heart...gays (like 
me), non-Christian, questioners and free spirits who are only here to love. @callinshumen are you asking for yourself? How do you feel when you read 
the Book of Mormon? Have you read it completely? Numerous times? If you 
have read it, and prayed about it sincerely wanting to know if it is true, 
I say you have had a witness of it's truthfulness, but may not have 
identified it. Watch one of the other videos, Voice of the Spirit. It may 
help to give you an idea of what the Spirit can do. Maybe you are seeking a 
sign that is greater than what you have been given?so let's say someone tries this and doesnt get an answer. at what point 
should they throw in the towel and move on with their life? one week? one 
month? a decade? (by the way, this is a legitimate question, which i have 
not found an answer to.)...That we, through the grace of God the Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, 
have seen the plates... And we also know that they have been translated by 
the gift and power of God, for his voice hath declared it unto us;...we 
have seen the engravings which are upon the plates...an angel of God came 
down from heaven, and he brought and laid before our eyes, that we beheld 
and saw the plates...And it is marvelous in our eyes. OLIVER COWDERY, DAVID 
WHITMER, MARTIN HARRIS Wow it's amazing how he delivers His message. I felt the spirit as it comes 
from an Angel of God speaking.Yeah, I went to LDS church, I met so many good people than I thought they 
are. I'm sorry that I was so rude to everyone in youtube users for hashed 
on their religion.This is a great ad! share it with all!!!I love this church. How could anyone deny anything so good?Every promise that book has is true. That is the truthI love the Book of Mormon. I do not love it more than the Bible, I love 
them both equally. I believe that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints is Christ's true church on the earth, and that the Temple is really 
His house on the earth. I believe that the Prophets and Apostles in the 
church are led by the Spirit and the Word of God. I would not say so if I 
did not believe.@IRISHBUDDAFILTH The Pharasees believed in God, the Saduccees believed in 
God. If fact Christ told them that was not enough. When Moses came down 
from the mountain, did the people believe him? No, they had corrupted 
themselves, he had to go up and get a second set of laws called the 10 
commandments. What is religion without revelation? The Book of Mormon is 
the dealing of Christ and his people on the american continent. Together 
they are two witnesses. Drop a note love to here from you.SM Ezequiel 37:16 says the Book of Mormon and the Bible go together. The stick 
of Judah (Bible) and the stick of Joseph (Book of Mormon) "shall become one 
in thine hand".Every time I read the Book of Mormon, I get something more from it. It's 
truly the word of God.Should and must be received and read by the influence of the Holy Ghost. It 
works. The Book of Mormon is wonderful. I love it.It should and must be read under the influence of the Holy Ghost. Truly 
said by a true disciple of Christ. I have tried and and that's how I know 
the Book of Mormon is true. Each time I read it, I learn more, have my 
testimony strengthened and it is confirmed in my heart and mind that the 
atonement of Jesus Christ is working in my life.@IRISHBUDDAFILTH Since the Bible prophesies of the Book of Mormon 
(everlasting gospel (Revelation 14:6) ) it's important to have the Bible 
and Book of Mormon both.@IRISHBUDDAFILTH The bible is great, and if you read the book of mormon, 
you can see that they go hand in hand. @karysalle YOU ARE CORRECT! IT IS THROUGH OUR ACTIONS AND WORKS THAT WE 
PREACH THE TRUE GOSPEL OF THE LORD. WE CANNOT FAIL TO FORGET THE ARTICLE OF 
FAITH THAT TEACHES THIS TRUTH. MANY WILL BE INTERESTED IN OUR JEWEL (THE 
GOSPEL) JUST BY A TINY ACT OF LOVE AND COMPASSION.I say this as a convert to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, 
The Book of Mormon is true, I testify this to everybodyWow !! You SHould see this !sorry but I believed in God after I read Te Holy Bible and shouldnt that be 
enough?Praise the Man Joseph Smith!!!@QuintonLMT Hey there. Where did you find that? I love that kind of stuff.@HamsterFueledRocket You said: "Can some of you good people help me? I have 
read the BOM and have some friends who are pressuring me to join the 
church. I like the book and the people at the ward are really nice, but... 
I want to believe, but not if that means betraying my love for 
archaeology." That was 7 months ago. Did you reconcile your love for 
archaeology with your love for God? I have a love for Jesus Christ and as a 
member of the LDS Church, I am curious what you decided.I absolutely agree. If you want to know the Book of Mormon is true, you 
need to pray earnestly about it- and ponder what it says. And just ask God 
if it's true. God will let you know it's true, if you ask in sincerity. And 
it will bring such light and joy into your life. @craigorgardner me too@gwenmangelson The book in your hand is evidence itself it is true...for 
how did the book come to be with over 500 pages of spiritually building 
meat and potatoes that you can feast upon and receive a fullness? I agree 
it is faith...I guess my testimony is so strong that faith is now dormant 
and the perfect knowledge is pure and real...Thanks for sharing your 
testimony and I pray that others like us will also know...as we "flood the 
world" with the wonderful reality of the great Book!Somewhat of an unknown general authority who is sincere and testifying of 
the reality of the simple request for us to read, ponder, open your heart 
as you pray so you too can know...it really is simple...all we have to do 
is give it a try...what have you got to loose? Everything to gain. Having 
knowledge is a good thing...we learn things from school and online every 
day...why not figure out if we can get an answer from God who is willing to 
share the truth with you? Here is wisdom...to know!i recieved my testimony on the mission the book of mormon is the word of 
God it have makes me happy in the name of Jesuschrist Amen. God the All-Glorious@HamsterFueledRocket Faith-The Apostle Paul taught that "faith is the 
substance [assurance] of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen" 
(Hebrews 11:1). Alma made a similar statement: "If ye have faith ye hope 
for things which are not seen, which are true" (Alma 32:21). Faith is a 
principle of action and power. Whenever we work toward a worthy goal, we 
exercise faith. We show our hope for something that we cannot yet see. Hamster- its called FAITH - not evidence- if God wanted it to be proven by 
evidence it would be blatantly clear- we are here to gain and grow our 
faith- how are you doing that for yourself? @HamsterFueledRocket there is archaeology fact of the BOM remember reading 
where the Laminnights layed down there weapons on war and becaome 
Niphights. archaeologiest found that berral site in the new england. I 
would encourgage you to pray before you read the BOM and ask god if what 
you are reading is ture. Just like joesph smith and the rest of us have we 
praied to know if the BOM is true we all got our awensers yes the BOM is 
ture @HamsterFueledRocket If you are sincere go to the FAIRS and the Neil 
Maxwell Institute web sites.Having read the Book of Mormon, this is a great testament of Jesus Christ 
and grateful the nephities learned of Christ too.book of mormon has changed my life!@HamsterFueledRocket there is a lot of archeological support to the BoM 
that only a few years ago wasn't known. the Church doesn't spread it 
openly, though, because we want the spirit to convert people, not temporal 
evidence.@HamsterFueledRocket First and foremost faith is not based on "evidence" it 
is based on a relationships with God who will testify to you through the 
Holy Spirit. That being said have you gone to the Neil Maxwell Instituter 
web page? If not try it. Also read the work of Hugh Nibly a renowned 
archaeologist .Don't feel pressured to join the church. You should only join if you 
believe it is true. I also love science. I can tell you for myself that I 
know that the BoM is true. Not because I know everything about archeology 
and not because other people told me that it was true but because I took 
all the knowledge I had and all the hopes I had and asked God and he gave 
me a feeling in my heart that I couldn't deny! (and one day, I am sure 
science will catch up with God and give proof to it as well)I know that the Bible is the word of God. I also know that the Book of 
Mormon is as much the world of God as is the Bible. Anyone who reads the 
Book of Mormon will come to know that this is true as much as the Bible is 
true.I just love mormon messages. I've been looking for a nice way to talk about 
the Book of Mormon with a friend, and this video just showed me how to do 
so. I'm so gratefull for being part of the true church of God, and I'm 
looking foward for sharing this gratitute with others.@arklyn Well said@arklyn Well saidAmen Brother!!Can some of you good people help me? I have read the BOM and have some 
friends who are pressuring me to join the church. I like the book and the 
people at the ward are really nice, but I'm having a hard time reconciling 
the BOM with evidence. There just doesn't seem to be any archeological 
support for it's claims. I want to believe, but not if that means betraying 
my love for archaeology.I believe that the Book of Mormon is true and I feel the spirit that 
testify to me its truthfulness, I love reading it and also the Bible, it 
teaches me great things I just love it & I'm happyYes I already finished reading the Book of mormon, and I'm reading the 
Bible.. once I finish reading Bible,I will read again the Book of Mormon.. 
I love reading it.. it teaches me to great things.me too :)I believe in Book of MormonEnglish: All of us have had the opportunity to read the book of mormon, and 
we could feel the love of our heavenly father to one, now is our duty and 
responsibility to share with others. It really changed my life I get up and 
read their pages, helping me make important decisions, helping me with my 
conversionmormon ftwThe question might be irrelevant to the topic, but I cant see why you got 
thumbs down.... multiple times.I have recieved a testimony through The Holy Ghost that the Book of Mormon 
is true. and I am assured of it each time I read it.me too!I just got done serving a mission for this church in Oklahoma City. What a 
wonderful impact the Book of Mormon has on the souls of good Christian 
people! I saw so many peoples' faith in Christ grow and strengthen because 
of the teachings in the Book of Mormon. Some didn't choose to join the 
church, but they still received peace, joy and greater knowledge of God 
through reading out of this sacred volume of Scripture. How wonderful that 
God still speaks to His children!I'm reading the Book of Mormon right now and I'm almost done and I just 
love it! I hope that all of you can know that its true and you can feel the 
spirit. I know that it's true with all my heart! Thank you for this!Yes, indeed the Book of Mormon is true the stories and messages in it are 
real. It is a powerful gift from our loving Heavenly father to strengthen 
us in these latter days just as the Holy Bible strengthen so many of our 
ancesters. Praise be to God for his mercy endureth forever.The book of mormon is a true record of Jesus Christ. I promise added light 
and understanding will come to all those who read it and pray to God about 
its truthfulness.I add my testimony as well. The Book of Mormon, is from god. The feelings 
of love, and and the holy ghost can not come from the hand of man. I have 
not a single doubt in my soul that we have a living prophet upon the earth. 
We have the church of Christ among us, the priesthood among us. If anyone 
would sincerely pray to our loving father. They will know....There are many places that reference the book of Mormon in the Bible; first 
Ezekiel 37: verse 16 specifically speaks of the stick of Judah and the 
stick of Joseph coming together. In those times, a stick was a scroll or a 
piece of writing and Nephi is of the tribe of Joseph while the majority of 
the bible we have now is from the mouth of a Jew or someone from the house 
of Judah. secondly, when Jesus is Crucified; there is a great darkness in 
Israel and at the same time there is one in the BoMI am reading the BoM with my wife every night, and on my way to work and 
back am listening to it on cd. Reading then listening truly lets you feel 
the spirit, and helps you understand it better. Nephi was the man. After 
only reading and listening to 1st and 2nd Nephi I am blown away by the 
spiritual power and understanding that man had. These books alone have 
already strengthened my faith and knowledge 3 fold. Glory be to the Lamb of 
God who's words shall never cease! (2 Nephi 29 6-14)There is no conflict. The four standard works are meant to be read in 
unison. You can't pick out one verse of scripture and say, "This is the 
only truth". God does have a body of flesh and bone. And he has a spirit - 
just like we and all living creatures do.There are no conflicts. The four standard works are to be read in unison. 
Together they contain the fulness of the Gospel. God does have a body of 
flesh and bone. He also has a spirit - just like we and all living 
creatures do. If you want to learn the truth, you can never pick out just 
one verse of scripture and say, "This is the truth". You have to gain 
understanding gradually by reading all scripture and praying about if over 
a period of time.I know that I feel love and peace when I read the Book of Mormon. I Testify 
it is a book from god. I also know that the prophets in the Book of Mormon 
knew of Christ and taught and testified of Christ. This is True.love your friend as your self.Jesus bless us all,please.I too am grateful for the Book of Mormon: for it's confirmation of sacred 
Biblical truths that Jesus Christ is our Savior, that we have a role to 
play beyond lip service acceptance of him as our Savior and that he 
continues to reveal ever important truths!I also testify that the Book of Mormon is the word of God. It calls you 
unto Christ and is convincing that he is the Christ. It calls you to 
repentance and to walk with Christ by the power of his eternal Atonement. 
It invites you to love God and your neighbour as yourself. I will also work 
as a conduit for God to speak to your heart and to avoid temptation. It 
helps you to discren truth from error and builds within you a desire to 
help everyone you meet. Its a love letter from Christ.Great Video. What could be more important?Jesus Christs race isn't relevant to anything and is only brought up to 
distract others from things which are relevant.I.... Agree :D