This video has touched me so much! 
The one portion, which touched me the most, was the section wherein the 
young woman who was talking about the loss of her mom & what helped her!  I 
lost one of my little sisters last year & my Daddy only a few months later! 
 Without the gospel in my life & the help of the Holy Spirit, I know that I 
would have completely lost it!
Thank you for posting videos that are uplifting to me (& to many others, 
I'm sure)!﻿When I lost my Mom the Holy Ghost is the only thing that made it bearable.  
He taught me and comforted me more than I could ever imagine possible.  The 
Spirit is always there to help with every trial I go through.  The best 
knowledge I have is about the Spirit World where I will be with my Mom 
again.  It is very real.  She is waiting for me there, and knowing that 
brings me comfort.﻿i did feel a sense of comfort from this video There is no such thing as a perfect life Or someone who has "got it all 
together" We each will know seasons of pain and strife Where alone there 
are awful storms to weather Midst the enduring, trying tests We can find 
strength beyond our own With the comforter we are blessed As, through new 
faith, much is made knownLove it :)WOW! :) Wow, so true. If we open our hearts the spirit will be there.Amen! The Spirit has been a comfort and guide for me during difficult times 
in my life. @janeemaree There is a common mis-conception about the Mormon religion. 
Many outside of the Mormon faith will also quote Revelations 22:18 in the 
same vain. In Paul's writings to the Galations and John's writings in 
Revelations they are both talking about the "Gospel" as taught by Christ 
and his Apostles. We believe that Christ died for our sins. We follow the 
tenants of the Gospel to include faith in Jesus Christ, repentance for our 
sins, etc. We preach and believe the SAME Gospel.@anonymouslyknowing Maybe this will help you understand better 1 Tim. 1:3 
As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia, 
that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine,Thanks. @anonymouslyknowing Galations 1:8 is talking about an angel preaching any 
other teachings other than the gospel of Jesus Christ. If an angel teaches 
something other than the teachings of Jesus Christ, then they are an angel 
from the father of lies, or Satan. @anonymouslyknowing After Joseph Smith prayed unto God as to know which 
church was true, it was God and Jesus Christ who came down in person to 
tell Joseph Smith that he should restore the church as it was in the time 
when Christ was still on earth. It wasn't something Joseph Smith made up 
himself. It was through revelations from God that the church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter day Saints was restored. I'm thankful for your honest 
question, and I hope I answered it well :)@anonymouslyknowing I don't believe it does because the gospel is that 
Christ has atoned for our sins that we may have eternal life. And I 
interpret this verse from Paul saying that if someone preaches anything 
OTHER than that gospel or "good news" is "accursed" or not of God. I do not 
think this goes against our beliefs because we do not preach any other kind 
of "good news" or anything that will take you from Christ. I hope that 
helps. That is what I understand from that verse with my beliefs.  Galatians 1:8 doesn't it go against the mormon Religion? Can someone 
please Explain oh my goodness:) I know Jenny from 2:07-2:29!@bschroader I'm sorry to hear about your loss:( but the spirit really can 
give you peace during hard times:)nice!! I'm even a mormon!!!so touching...