I love the videos the Mormon channel shows﻿Oh an RM. That definetly explains why he was having pizza for breakfast.﻿Thanks a lot for this video.. It is amazing!! That is what happens when we 
attend the Institute Classes, I know that.

I am so thankful for God for moments I spent in my life to attending 
Institute !!! Many times it seens like a "second Sacr. Meeting' for me.






excuse-me my english mistakes...﻿Jared :) always good to see your face!  Nice video! ﻿It's so corny. Hilarious. I love it﻿I love this video! Institute has changed my life!!!﻿Good lesson good lessonHow did I know he was going to talk to a cute girl at institute?institute is super amazing and great i love institute :)every firrst day of the month i incourage my ward mate single adult and i 
promise the institute is amazing and great class in the church you need 
institute president monson said "i ask you to make institue a priority" the 
lord bess you and show you a many blessings :)In the side bar there is another video called "What is Institute?" that 
will give a more complete answer. Or you can search for it in Youtube on 
the Mormon Chanel. Thanks and have a great day Prince Amadikwu!The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints operates Seminaries (for 
High School students) and Institutes of Religion (for college students). 
These are not a replacement for high school or college but are one class a 
day attended generally by students who also go to a public high school or a 
public or private college. It could be early in the morning or at other 
times. At schools with large Latter-day Saint attendance, there will 
usually be a separate building near campus.This is so corny. LOL. But good. I'd defiantly rather read a classic novel than play console games. I would rather do institute than computer games any day.haha, yes this is cheesy! but I'm sure if there were girls that cute in my 
area, institute attendance would be a complete different story, lolI wish I had a phone like that, guess I'll just have to listen more 
reverently and closely to the SpiritWhat is institute?Remove the hot blonde sitting next to Jared, and that's how my institute 
looks.the cellphone represents the Holy Ghost...That's is exactly what He does@Curtis House A video called "What is Institute?" by the Mormon Channel 
explains it really well. :)@3:33 Jared is glad he came  I love institute!!!!!!! and the girls you meet there. ; ) "I'm really feeling the Spirit right now. This must be the bonus I was 
promised." *Whilst sitting next to a beautiful girl* BEST LINE EVER. Guys 
that think like that are waaay attractive. Nicely done!I'M GOING TO INSTITUTE THIS WEEK! THANKS, AMANDA!Yeah... Friends.... :PCan't wait to go to institute next year!Wait... What is this? It's too long for a TV spot, is it part of some 
movie? Made for youtube?at 3:18 everyone is looking at the camera except jaredI tried to find that App in the App store but could not find it. LOL. The 
church should make one.This is great, more should be made....cheesy way to explain how life can 
be....Institute tonight?...hmmmm!I'm not in college anymore but I loved institute. It was a bright spot in 
what was usually a very hectic day.In my district in Ireland Very first Institute class is starting tonight :) 
but is wee bit away so for days people like me my branch is a wee bit away 
from other branch can go too it via skype :) but going tonight :) woo free 
food :DEarlier this year the Institute Director at the one I go to pointed out to 
me and some friends that the official name is "The Institute of Religion" 
Meaning, people of other faiths may attend the classes and hang out at the 
building too. People of ANY religion may come inside, whether they are 
Baptists, Catholics, Buddhists, or even Muslims. The place just happens to 
be owned by the LDS church and the majority of the students that step 
inside are of the LDS faith. So yeah, I agree with you. :)love it!!!Me too! hahaThat pizza was probably spoiledLolhahaha lol I want a bonus like that too ! This is great. :-)Oh gosh :) My day is like that everyday....but the Spirit kinda decides to 
jump around everyday....so I get those random feelings like this at random 
times :) still cool video though.But... It's mutant militia warfare! LolI loved institute, my wife now teaches Gospel study classes now, so all the 
above except for the diplomas;) awesome program guys!!The way he got out of bed to pray is basically me every morning, haha. :)When kids start going to Institute during Jr. High, non-LDS kids are 
suddenly ostracised from all of their LDS friends. I disliked how Institute 
divided my Jr. High and High School experience. I would have been happier 
in a school where religion wasn't seen as an extra curricular activity. I 
always found it odd that the Utah Schools are all set up with an LDS 
seminary practically on the school grounds, but nothing for any other 
religions.this institute has like only old ppl, nt even ysa haha jus S.A haahaI love everything about this video... haha.I went to my first Intitute class last thursday and it was really 
fulfilling. Aaaand Sister Allen provided ridiculous snackage. :)I love this! Even if it is a little cheesy its funny(: I like some cheese 
every once in a while! :D I also love reading everyone's inspirational 
comments~He's Got A Magic "Good Side" Phone?I love Institute! I enjoy meeting new people and feeling closer to Heavenly 
Father. Theres no better feeling!Institute is the best. :) I can't wait til classes here start back up in 
June!Can you say OVER ACTING!!!! I like the message behind it but its way over 
acting exp, his friend that grabs him and asks "are you in solder?" SHE is the bonus! What a dish.Who was the dude who played Jared? He seriously looks lo familiar. Institute is wonderful.... I love it!!! but, although the video's kind of 
funny, it is a little off... I mean if there were guys that cute in every 
institute there wouldn't be a need to make a lot of publicity for it.... 
classes would be crowded!! LOL... I'm the member from Taiwan, and i love every Institute lesson we have here. 
Going to institute has helped and blessed me in so many ways. e.g. Learning 
gospel knowlegdes, making friends share same value, growing testimonies to 
Jesus, feeling happier ...etc!!! To those who haven't been to Institute: 
Please give it a shot, try to enjoy the feelings in your heart which is 
touched by Holy Ghost. It will be totally worth it!!!! ;-)I'm the member from Taiwan, and i love every Institute lesson we have here. 
Going to institute has helped and blessed me in so many ways. e.g. Learning 
gospel knowlegdes, making friends share same value, growing testimonies to 
Jesus, feeling happier ...etc!!! To those who haven't been to Institute: 
Please give it a shot, try to enjoy the feelings in your heart which is 
touched by Holy Ghost. It will be totally worth it!!!! ;-)As cheesy as this vid may be, I met my wife at an institute class in 
Canberra Australia. True story. Go to institute and good things happen. 
You'll be blessed!funniest part is 3:31 and love that quote at the end!! @zzzUnknownDBZzzz :Hahaha... yeah, it is! :)) xDahh...the LDS clips. Love them. Yea, institute is great....and here, in France, institutes rocks too !! I love it !!! I met my 
husband there 3 years and a few days ago =) and we got married only 3 
months after this first "time"... The following year, (i was pregnant,) we 
had the wonderful opportunity to teach an institute class together for a 
year ! We don't go to the institute anymore (not much time !) but we 
recommand it !!! All these wonderful teachings still help us in our daily 
life as a couple and parents of 2 wonderful princesses =) ! <3he he... ya a little on the goofy side but it really is a amazing program. 
I met my husband there and made alot good memories. Aw the Seminary video Cheesiness! Love it. If your reading my coment and reconising my chanel name, then... You're 
awesome for actualy watching this!This reminds me of all the cheesy videos we used to watch in seminary! I 
loved them. And I love institute!"I had seen a vision; I knew it, and I knew that God knew it, and I could 
not deny it, neither dared I do it." ~ Joseph Smith Institute classes open my eyes!LOL. It's cool to know i'm not the only LDS on Youtube :DI really love institute class, and the best thing about it is that you can 
get to discuss gospel doctrines that you normally would not hear during 
Sunday class. Who cares about the girls, there are way more interesting 
insights can be share!Bro. Robinson was my seminary teacher 20 years ago! So glad to see him. 
"Dude!"those two wont be in the singles ward for too long lolplease in españolhahaha this is so cheesy but i love it...Mutant Militia Warfare? Is that a spin on Modern Warfare?allright allright ill go to instituteMormon Girls are BEAUTIFUL!I loved this! I emailed it out to my ward. :)Well done. I really liked that.My diploma from institute means more to me than my college diploma. 
Institute is more than a wonderful program. It is a divinely inspired 
program that everyone can benefit from.Oh it is so cheesy, but I like it. At least it embraces it's cheesiness.Ahahahaha I love the look he gives the camera at 3:32! Very nice video!So EPIC!!I must love 'cheesy'. I thought it had wonderful way of showing how 
important Institute can be in our lives. Really entertaining AND creatively 
teaches. Institute really is a beautiful thing.I am waiting for virtual institute =)So, go to institute... get girls. Check. Totally cool. Great way to show how awesome institutte is!My Mom teaches institute! It has blessed the life of her family and 
continues to do so tremendously!That girl is very pretty, but the end of it was so freaking corny!Wow. I think I just reached my cheese intake quotient for the week. 
Institute is awesome, but we’ve GOT to be able to advertise better than 
this! :-ϸI love institute!! Yes, this was such a cheesy video, but institute is the 
best. I'm sad that I cannot attend anymore now I'm a wife and mom. Enjoy 
Institute while you can!!super cheese to the max!! haha :D But I loved institute <3 so It's all good.for all those of everybody reading this, i encourage you to go to institute 
if you arent already. i never really enjoyed seminary in high school but i 
LOVE institute! its sooo much betterThis belongs in the 80's. Same layout but new age setting "hip" :) Yetit is 
still true and the message is great.I like this message :) I love going to institute. I always feel the spirit.who would dislike this sort of thing?? D:Love it!loved going to Institute this last semester! i'm gonna miss it tons when 
i'm off on the mission next month! but it'll still be there when i get backi love The Church, but this video is dumb.