Christ, as all Christians should be, bold, Truth cutting to the core, yet 
full of patience, love, even the Charity of Christ for ALL humankind. God 
bless﻿I think the Sanitarian woman was of mix race and she would be black and Jew
The lesson is not to be predigest and discriminate!!! JESUS went out of his 
way to find the lost, the sinners the marginalized. Why don't be ? As 
Christians, we must stand for justice his justice, be merciful and follow 
Jesus humbly. Do we really follow Jesus ?   ﻿Tell me please, what did Jesus exactly teach you that you could have not 
figured out on your own? Please name as many as you can. Thanks.﻿Jesus: "I that speak unto thee, am He." Woman: 0.oWHO ARE THOSE TRUE WORSHIPERS TODAY? THOSE WHO HAVE THE TRUTH FOUND IN THE 
BIBLE. THAT JEHOVAH IS THE FATHER AND JESUS THE SON AND THOSE WHOM BELIEVE 
THE SPIRIT IS JEHOVAH GOD'S ACTIVE FORCE. ALSO THOSE WHO DO NOT PRACTICE 
EVIL IN THE EYES OF GOD, THOSE ARE THE TRUE WORSHIPERS OF GOD.I read this already in the bibleIsn't two testaments of Jesus Christ greater than one? On the last part, 
the Mormons agree, only Jesus Christ can save us. Yes, He drinks water. He also was born of a woman, lived a perfect mortal 
life and suffered and died for our sins. "Knowest thou not the 
condescension of God?" If it is unseemly that a god drink water, it only 
goes to show how much He was willing to go through to save us all. the only book you need to go by is the holy bible king james version (kjv) 
there is no need for any other books such as the book of mormon its just 
not needed the holy bible kjv is all you need... on another note jesus 
christ is the only way no body else can save you only jesus christ call 
upon his nameWow god drinks water hmmmmhow do you really know if it is different if you have not asked god who can 
and will tell you the truth of all things, James chapter 1 verse 5 "If any 
of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, 
and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him." he will let you know, I 
know he will he has let me know.The caption is off timing, needs fixing please.before jesus came jews were following the old testment and hence they 
bilive in the father almighty. n followed the 10 commandments, but after 
jesus came he said that he had not come to destroy the old testment but to 
fullfill it. his crusification was wrote in old testment, and god said that 
those who bilive in the son"(jesus) bilives in the father(god almighty). so 
the people who bilives the father ultimately bilived in the son, before the 
birth of christ.Kajol, the Bible says that Abraham, for one, was saved by faith. Genesis 
15:6, Romans 4:3 and Galatians 3:6 say pretty much the same of Abraham, 
that he "believed in God and it was credited to him as righteousness." Paul 
the apostle is saying in Romans 3:25 to the affect that the Old Testament 
believer was granted a 'postponement until the Atonement,' or in other 
words, God put the debt of that believer's sins on hold until Christ came 
to redeem ALL those who had faith in Him. Be blessed.All are forgiven. They worshiped God thousands of years before Christ. 
Christ was sent to renew God's pact with us - the new word, to take away 
the worlds sin, as we, by then were separated from God by sin - that is why 
the Old Testament is so full of war, murder, wrath and pain. God destroyed 
the human race (The great flood) except Noah and his family and renewed his 
deal with us through the commandments and the promise of a Messiah to be a 
go between for us to have a relationship with him. This woman is so luckyjust as the Apostle's Creed says, "He will come again to judge the living 
and the dead,,," On Judgement Day around the time of the Rapture Jesus will 
return to judge the living and the dead who have never heard His WordGreat job...jesus bless you with his holy spritThey get the chance to do so after they die. Kajol.... Before Jesus birth believers lived by the law of Moses then and 
recieved the word of Jesus from profits and believed on him even before he 
was born. Thank God we have Jesus now for this world is pure filth and 
corruption. Without him we would be doomed!I guess the best answer would be: He will do right by all.No will feel like 
God has done them wrong in the end."And for this cause he is a Mediator of the NEW Covenant, that by means of 
death, for the redemption of the transgressions [that were done] under the 
FIRST Covenant, that they which were called [who lived under the first 
covenant] might receive the promise of eternal inheritance" (Hebrews 9:15)To satisfy God's mercy toward all His children, the message isn't confined 
to this lifetime only. Of some who hadn't believed during their lifetime, 
Peter talked of Christ preaching to "spirits in prison" who had lived 
during the time of Noah (1 Peter 3:18-20). One of the most hopeful 
principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ is that all will have the 
opportunity to hear the message, no matter where or when they live, even if 
sometimes that message is only heard by them after this life.Snipe081 yes this movie of Jesus of nazareth watching for beginning part 1 
so on tell me When finished it right one ok if not i would find it for you.I don't know if you have heard of the Book of Mormon, or of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (LDS). In the Book of Mormon a prophet 
known as Amulek stated that the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for the sins of 
the world would be an infinite and eternal sacrifice. this sacrifice would 
stretch forward and backward in time. If you'd like to know more, the Book 
of Mormon and the LDS church have more of these answers for you. Just send 
me an email at monkeys94@gmail.com.Those who died without a knowledge of the truth will receive it and have a 
chance to accept it or reject it after they have died. Mortal life is a 
grand opportunity to change, and it is harder to change after death. So, 
those who died without any opportunity to receive the gospel but would have 
received it if they had lived to hear it may receive it in the world to 
come. Jesus referred to the Samaritans as dogs and the Jews as the children. He 
did not consider Israelites and other nationalities and cultures as equal. 
He believed the WORD of god was for Jews only. Is God someone who 
favouritises one above another? For Israelites are no better than other 
peoples so why the favouritism and is that just and fairJohn Chapter 1, Verse12 - "As many as received him, them gave he power to 
become the sons of God" 1 Corinthians Chapter 15, Verse 22 - "...in Christ 
shall all be made alive." 1 Peter Chapter 3, Verse 18-20 - "...he(Christ) 
went and preached unto the spirits in prison..." 1 Peter Chapter 4, Verse 
5-6 - "...for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are 
dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live 
according to God in the spirit." Hope this helps:)WOW! That was amazing acting! I was blown away.. acting in all honesty and 
truth. I guess it must be easy to act from one's soul when one is enacting 
the Word of our Lord. I just love how the person who played Jesus was so 
down to earth and matter of fact, "I am He". No grandiosity or 
proclamation. Just a matter of fact statement. Love it :)I think God would know if someone truly had never heard of Jesus before, so 
I'm sure he would forgive them, if they then repented. But Jesus is so 
widely known, I'm not sure there are many people would have not heard of 
him xi'd be really scared and nervous, and I wouldn't know what to do - makes 
you wonder how Moses felt when he was in the actual presence of God 
himself! xEvery prophet from Adam, to Abraham, to Moses, to Isaiah, has taught of 
Jesus Christ. That is one of the prime functions of a prophet, to teach the 
people about the Savior. Before Christ came it was to teach them to look 
forward to his coming. The prophets since testify of his having come. 
Either way it's been the Gospel of Jesus Christ revealed to the people 
through His prophets. That is how even those before Christ's life time 
could believe in Him.they had an altar and sacrafised a animal to God one story is that when 
abraham took isac to kill him ontop of a mountain to prove how faithful he 
was to God but he didn't kill isac God was testing him and after he 
sacrafised a ram God provided on a altar and they would burn the animal 
instead of a humanI think I read somewhere that for the Samaritan woman to be travelling to 
the well alone instead of in a group with the other village women meant she 
was an outcast, likely a prostitute, further evidence of Jesus' promise of 
mercy on the lost and sinful.Though my knowledge of scripture isn't perfect, I'm a Christian and I 
believe in the Apostle's Creed it says Jesus "descended into Hell" for the 
three days before his resurrection to reclaim and forgive lost souls before 
his time on Earth. As for people in modern times who have never heard of 
Jesus or Christianity, there's some controversy. That's why one of the 
goals of Christianity is to spread the word in order to give the lost a 
chance for eternal life.to many thees and thous.....they didnt speak like this..crapI think those who lived a good life where in a sanctuary in Hell and when 
Jesus "died" He was in Hell taking those who were waiting for Him to bring 
them to Heaven.As a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints- I believe 
that Jesus took upon Him the sins of ALL mankind, including those who never 
heard of Him. I also believe that everyone, either in this life or the 
next, will be given the chance to know and believe in Jesus and our 
Heavenly Father. They truly love everyone. . . Go to mormon.org for some 
more information. Hope it helps!Last paragraph of page 52 of Preach My Gospel! "In the spirit world the 
gospel is preached to those who did not obey the gospel or have the 
opportunity to hear it while on earth" Meaning they will have a chance to 
accept itI'm not an expert but I will help explain a little.1 part I do know is that 
when Abraham was instructed to offer his son as an offering, that it was 
symbolic of what God the Father was going to do for us all with his son, 
Jesus Christ,The Lamb of God, also called Jehova and many times called the 
Lord in the Old Testament.The Sacrifices were symbolic & helped draw a 
picture of the planned savior. God had a plan from the very beginning and 
it goes on, I hope I helped.Only so many words per post :(People before Jesus lived by Law of the commandments. I "think" many people 
were not saved thats why God sent Jesus.Amen 3jesus and god are same. god came in the form of human to take our sins 
away. He shall come again andthose who believe in him will be saved. Amen.John 5:25 says "the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they 
that hear shall live." Then in 1 Peter 4:6 it says "For for this cause was 
the gospel preached also to them that are dead." So those people who died 
before having a chance to know and accept Jesus are given an opportunity to 
learn of him and accept his gospel after they die.praise him god loves you all I'm LDS (a Mormon) and I'd be happy to answer your question! If you're 
talking about a small child who hadn't had the opportunity to be taught 
about Jesus, we believe all children under the age of accountability 
(around 8 years old) will automatically receive salvation. For others above 
the age of accountability, this is a little more complicated. Perhaps 
someone else can help me with this. Especially when I don't have enough 
characters remaining :P Believing in Jesus, is to believe in doing what is right. It means to live 
a life of love towards God and your fellow beings. So those who were 
righteous that died before He was born are saved.In Genesis, Abraham was chosen by God to go to a land and God will make him 
prosper into many nations. At first Abraham didn't believe God and didn't 
obey all his commands. But finally he believed after God showed him by 
making him look up at the stars, that all the stars he could count and see, 
that too will be his offspring. The very second Abraham believed God 
Abraham was saved and made righteous in Gods eyes. This was before Jesus 
was on the Earth. If you believe in God you are saved. although not clearly stated in the bible. The prophets and followers of God 
have always believed in Jesus Christ. 1 Corinth 10:1-4 Abraham for example 
knew of Jesus Christ (John 8:56) Romans 4 explains how some old testament 
prophets were "saved"I think I would have fainted if I was in the physical presents of the Son 
of God! What an honor.Love this.aramaic , arabic , hebrew are similar "We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the 
dictates of our own conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let 
them worship how, where, or what they may." - Articles of Faithinteresting moral message :)every answer jesus gave was perfect I love jesus and god their #1 im my heart like my parentsamen!True Saviour to this world , he is Messiah , Praise the Lord Jesus Christ blotto 73 It also says that at the end of deuterony and the book of 
revelations. The LDS church is founded on "continuing" revelation, as a 
former baptist I would enjoin you to read the bible and the book of mormon, 
another testament of jesus christ D Scott Lucas<3<3<3Actually the US was founded when we declared our independence from Britain 
in 1776...It is from a series of short films made by The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints. You can find about 30 of these shorts on the Mormon 
Messages channel. Enjoy.no he never spoke Aramaic.It said that it was translated into it.No-one 
knowswhat he spokeThis is a great passage from Scripture. May God touch the lives of each of 
us in this 7 billion world population.im not chrstian but Jesus is my saviorsigh. Aramaic is not a form of Hebrew.why don't you try reading it with an open heart and answer this question 
for yourself :)the bible was not translated into English. It always was English Jesus spoke Aramaic. A form of Hebrew in his days here on earth.You are right, we don't preach a different gospel. The gospel is this: 
"Believe in Christ, be baptized in his name, do as we would do in every 
situation and endure to the end". The Book of Mormon teaches the same 
gospel. It is just a testament from another group of people, a branch of 
Israel that was brought to the American continent around 600 BC. if anyone 
preaches a different gospel, meaning a different means of salvation rather 
than our savior and Lord Jesus Christ, let them be damned.I appreciate the fact that you are wary of "a gospel other than the one we 
preached to you", but consider this: An additional witness of Christ, or 
additional word of God, as the Book of Mormon is, does not mean it's a "new 
gospel". It simply means that it is an additional witness of Christ. As 
mortals, is it not arrogant of us to think that we can deny God the 
opportunity to give us more of His word? I, for one, am grateful for it.Jesus said,' you have had five husbands and the one who you live with now 
is not your husband, could you tell us why this has been left out . The US was founded in the 1400s. 100 years before the Bible was translated 
into English.Mormon Messages is just the name of the YouTube channel of The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. There's nothing intentionally misleading 
about it. The video is one in a series of representations from the Savior's 
life, all taken from the New Testament, which members of the church also 
believe in. As for the Book of Mormon, if you want to see what's there, why 
don't you try reading one? Christianity is just following the teachings of Christ to the best of our 
ability.....I don't think it has anything to do with "secularism".....Good for you! Whether it be we of the LDS faith, or those of any other 
Christian faith, you're right, Christ taught, "If they do things in My 
name, forbid them not!" The gospel of Christ is tollerance and love---above 
all!I find it interesting that the Gentiles and Samaritans were not to hear the 
gospel in the beginning, but before the assension of Christ, the Apostles 
were then commanded to go "into all the world". God does have his time for 
everyone and everything. Please remember that Blacks AND Whites were saved 
until the last days to hear His gospel. This was not racism nor prejudice, 
but the Lord doing things in His own time.....Rest assured, He loves us 
all....He's alive isnt he? Seek him fervently and he will reveal himself to you. 
Pray to him and listen in return. "My sheep hear my voice, I know them, and 
they follow me." -JesusWhat is the difference between Mormon Christianity and regular Christianity.I don't think it's a movie, I think it is just a short clip put together by 
the Church.I'm an atheist, and I like some of Jesus. Some parts of him, I do not like 
though. I respect his constitution but not some of his principles like love 
your enemy.If I may speak concerning that scripture in Galations, the large 
misconception, and you are doing so here, is the assumption that that which 
we teach is not the gospel of Christ. That verse warns about the preaching 
of "other gospels," and while we declare the Book of Mormon is true, we 
declare it's contents to be the very Gospel of Jesus Christ also declared 
in the Holy Bible. Yes the message may be from a different part of the 
globe, but the Father's message to His children remains the same.This is well acted but i think one of the best Jesus films i ever saw was 
Jesus of Nazereth played by Robert Powell - one word - awsome !That's usually how I try to pray, imagining Jesus is sitting next to me, or 
seeing Him in the hallway, or at a construction site (carpenter, if you 
know what I mean), seeing Him, and hailing Him down asking: Can I talk to 
you for a bit? and just praying and asking for blessings and mercy.I thought that what praying was for?I think the big misconception is that the Book of Mormon is a different 
gospel. It is not, rather it is Christ's doctrine as it relates to the 
peoples of ancient America. It doesn't change anything. We believe it is a 
more pure account, with relation to the fact that the original texts of the 
Bible had changed hands so often. He speaks to us today, as he did 
anciently. This is comforting to us that his word is as relevant today as 
yesterday. Made plain for us in modern times.awesome 