I think this is wonderful! With the Lord's help you can do anything!﻿If he can do it, I can do it.﻿Thanks Elder Wyatt and the Wyatt family for your example. What a incredible, inspirational family and young man. Love the painting in 
the first 15 seconds.When it comes to helping family you should never have to think about it to 
quote a great prophet, "Just Do It!" wow!I served with him :-)All Kau ward loves you're channel.Inspiration Elder Wyatt. Been active for 6 months after a 10 years of 
apostasy. You have inspired me to be a church member missionary. God will 
bless you for efforts :)I'm so happy for Elder Wyatt. I served a mission in the year 2001 in the 
Texas San Antonio Mission and what a wonderful priviledge we have to do 
this. It is an opportunity to open heavens, and feel our Heavenly Father's 
hand go around our shoulders and lift us. I have a testimony of the of the 
Savior I love him and I know He loves you Elder Wyatt. Stirling's example and the example of the Wyatt family is truly an 
inspiration and cause for all to look at where we stand. It gives hope to 
those who may have thought there was no hope. It gives all a spiritual 
challenge. AMAZING .. a true testimony of how no one needs a perfect world 
to make a desire to serve happen. If we truly desire to serve , Heavenly 
Father removes the boundaries and makes it happen. Ha! This is awesome, I went to school with Lincoln! I'm in a wheelchair and I have CP and I'm going to go on a missio when I'm 
21 I'm soo excited!! Where did Wyatt go on his mission??????????This is so sweet. I love this. I'm so happy for Elder Wyatt.My family just took my brother to the Mtc today. we are so very proud of 
him. it was hard watching him leave for two years, but we know he's in good 
hands. :)I was in a similar situation, was diagnosed with my condition when I was in 
high school then when the time came to discuss a mission it was decided I 
probably wouldn't be able to. After looking forward to it your whole life, 
you're not sure what to think. Then my bishop mentioned service missions, 
I'd never heard of those. Was able to serve 2 years at the Mesa Regional 
Family History Center, or soon to be renamed Mesa FamilySearch Library. 
There's something for everyone out there.I went to the same church as elder wyatt. Truly a great brethren.What a great video this really inspires me to prepare for and serve a 
faithful mission Sterling!! I hope you get a chance to see this one day when you're watching 
this video. On be half of the Ogden 3rd ward we love and miss you. You are 
an amazing example and a great friend. We enjoyed serving with you. We are 
excited to be working along side your little brother now. Thank you for all 
that you do! This is an amazing message.Elder Wyatt is such a wonderful young man. Pretty amazing!!amazing family!about 5 weeks ago i was in a car werk and broke my neck in 3 places i can 
walk now but if some thing gos woung i may loss that but thanks to Elder 
Wyatt i now know if some thing gos woung and i cant wolk i would be able to 
go on a Mission thanks foe eve thing. I guess all we have to do is to have desire and a testimony. We can all 
serve in different ways Bravo to Elder Wyatt and his family. Who made the painting at the beginning 
(from 0:15 to 0:22)? I would love to get one like that of my family. We 
have 8 children; 3 with us for however long we have together on earth, and 
5 waiting to reunite with us in the Spirit World. All were conceived under 
the Covenant of our Eternal Marriage, thus we will be a Family... forever. 
Some spirits were so valiant in pre-earth life, they only come to earth for 
a moment to get a body, to fulfill that law. @TheASKDA very inspirationalI had the Fantastic opportunity to serve alongside Elder Wyatt In the Utah 
Ogden Mission!! He made a point to be friendly to everyone that passed him 
in the office and always encouraged us to work hard. He is such an example 
to me, I want to be Elder Wyatt when i grow up.@TheASKDA Has there been a discussion of serving as a Ward Missionary? Is 
it possible to have your son serve as a Ward Missionary or other local 
mission work till you as a family can serve a mission together? Love it! He is the perfect example of "if you want it, go get 
it"...amazing... Awesome!!! &would like to know where they got that picture in the entry 
there, its absolutely beautiful (((:@TheASKDA Hi, I'm elder Jensen serving a service mission for the Medea 
services department. There are tons of service missions and you don't need 
a family member to serve with him. Let me know if I can be of assistance, I 
know of several service mission opportunities.@rosiesty He is no longer able to sit upright due to his Muscular Dystrophy.This is wonderful, My son is only 5 but we have already considered that we 
may do something similar when he grows to that age if he is still on oxygen 
and my father is still living. As being on oxygen would exempt him from 
being able to go on a regular mission.8 people seem to have hit the wrong button, Elder Wyatt what an example of 
true faith and belief Way to go Elder Wyatt I loved being a Church Service Missionary! Keep up 
the good work!!Loved the video. Can't wait to show my husband. We have a handicapped child 
who is now 20 years of age. We always wondered if he could serve a mission. 
We contacted our Bishop and it went to the Stake President. Ideas came up 
but nothing firm. It mentions that our son will serve a mission in his 
PBlessing. This may be the perfect journey for us as a family. As he is our 
only son. However, we are not retired yet. I guess only our Heavenly Father 
will know what is in store for our familyI like that it was custom made.Truly inspiring.. :) Heavenly Father prepares a way for each of us to 
follow His commandments.. :)I cried :') How amazing that despite what others thought would hold him 
back, he is able to still serve a mission.Very Inspiring Story!!! Everyone can serve in some way to help the work of 
the lord move forward!!!! What a blessing he is to the people of Ogden! 
Thanks Wyatt Family for letting him give this service and especially Thanks 
to his grandparents for their sacrifice as well! I am sure it means the 
world to Elder Wyatt what you have done!!!!Love this family, they're close to our hearts...Aloha Wyatts, we love you!! 
Sterling and Maddi doing their carseat arch-out races will forever be one 
of my favorite memories!! I loved this video...what an inspiring story. GO 
STERLING!! All our Love, Regan & Janet StoneThis is Awesome... good luck Elder Wyatt!!!The missionary spirit is the essence of this wonderful gospel and who has 
it can work on it ... the Spirit is the key.Amazing! I served a mission in the Church and Family History mission. I 
have Asperger's Syndrome and was devastated that I couldn't serve a regular 
mission. My stake pres. told me about this mission. I'm so grateful I went. 
I served with some awesome people! I had one family that was my second 
family. I loved being with the others cuz I wasn't judged for being weird 
and stuff. I wouldn't have traded that for anything! why he interview with that position?most viewer feels pitty for him,Beautiful. The Lord always provides a way for a willing heart. Its so nice to hear of people with challenges being able to serve a 
fulltime mission. Some of us with vision impairment were not granted the 
opportunity, and while that is heartbreaking, I strive to be a missionary 
in everything else I do, and the Lord knows our desire to serve him. I have 
shared this link with hope that it inspires friends in my position who 
decided to stray from the gospel, to return and take up the many other 
responsibilities and blessings awaiting them. I love the gospel.Hello from mexico, I am jesus ocampo and you are a great family thumps 
up...!!!Wonderful! We looked forward to serving a mission with our daughter who had 
Down Syndrome. We sadly never got that opportunity because she passed away 
4 years ago. It's so wonderful to see Elder Wyatt getting this wonderful 
opportunity!As a father of three special needs children. This means so much and I know 
what the parents are feeling. I love this story and the message. I love it! Elder Wyatt has the spirit of giving and serving and I just love 
him for it. The Lord knows what he's doing and it is working...YEAH! That is just Awesome, Really hope i get too go on a mission tho i am 25, 
and only a member sinc the 10th of dec! :( be to old soon to go :( 