They who held the law, broke the law because of their traditions of the 
"elders" ,worshipping the letter of the law and not the spirit and life 
force of it. Christ came to set us free, truth has no bounds and is not 
bound to any-thing or error. God be thanked for my Savior, and God be 
thanked for his servants to guide us in perilous and dangerous times, here 
in the latter days!With torches lit for the long night Jesus was brought before Caiaphas Fully 
prepared to prove they were right The Chief Priests produced witnesses What 
was said was nothing new! But was taken out of context Clothing was rent, 
anger grew Jesus was treated with contempt"What think ye?" the High Priest looked on Wanting to end the trial taking 
place One by one Jesus was spit upon And each raised a fist upon His face 
Meanwhile..., without, Peter could not sleep He paced, distraught, fully in 
despair Was he not with the man of Galilee? He was asked of the people thereBut he denied the Lord three times cursing with an oath: "I know not know 
the man! ...what thou sayest! I do not know the man!" Then suddenly he 
mourned, as the first cock crowed Resounding Christ's alarm: Watch out! 
Have faith! Flee from the temptors' hand!People criticize Joseph Smith, other Latter-day leaders and their local 
priesthood leaders, but the only one that never did anything wrong was 
Jesus. It is not necessary that anyone else be perfect and there is none 
other by whom salvation comes. if Peter had not denied him, who would have continued presiding the church? 
He was chosen to be president and prophet after Jesus's death...It goes to show, even holy men and prophets can make mistakes. Peter may 
have denied knowing Him, perhaps out of fear. But he still became a great 
man in the end, giving up his life for the Lord and the gospels sake.i beg of thee lord please let me liveHave we, at times, had a "Peter moment", in our own lives, as we truly 
strive to live according to the Savior's teachings? This example helps me 
with courage to stand for His example, in spite of harassment from the 
world.The hardest part for me is to know that the people KNEW he did nothing but 
good to and for the people. Yet they still turned on him. How much need 
have we as humans for his grace and forgiveness. I hope to be worthy of it.poor PeterIm not a fan of how quickly the actor who plays The Savior speaks. Its too 
fast.Evil always works under the cover of the darkness & secret. Luke 22:53 When 
I was daily with you in the temple, ye stretched forth no hands against me: 
but this is your hour, and the power of darkness.He came to save His people and they killed Him. We will live again because 
He died for us. I will forever be grateful for my Savior and His love, 
sacrifice and suffering for us.At least he was there for him