I recommend prayer wholeheartedly. I know God answers prayers - after all 
he is our Father.﻿Devine message indeed ...﻿Thank you President Monson . I love and sustain you﻿I believe in prayers. Galatians 1:8 "But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other 
gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be 
accursed." The Apostles preached about the death, burial, and resurrection 
of Jesus. Repentance, baptism in His Name, and the gift of the Holy Spirit 
are how we apply this to ourselves. Repentance = death to self. Immersion 
in water in His Name = burial with Christ. Gift of the Holy Spirit = new 
life. Read and obey Acts 2:38 if you want to be saved.This video is not only well done, but a real lesson in the power of prayer. Pray for peace in our world.What a blessing.Awesome Video, :)"And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray 
standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by men. I 
tell you the truth, they have received their reward in full. But when you 
pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father, who is 
unseen. Then your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you 
Mathew 6:5 - 6:6“There is nothing sweeter in the world of existence than prayer. Man must 
live in a state of prayer. The most blessed condition is the condition of 
prayer and supplication. Prayer is conversation with God. The greatest 
attainment or sweetest state is none other than conversation with God. It 
creates spirituality, creates mindfulness and celestial feelings, begets 
new attractions of the Kingdom and engenders the susceptibilities of the 
higher intelligence.” from Baha'i FaithGreat video.All thing's work out for the good of those who love the Lord who's called 
according to his purpose!Wonderful story of answered prayers! You might like some of the prayers 
from a site I'm part of called Prayables. Prayers for women, but us guys 
like them too!this is sweet and nicely doneI truly believe the power of prayer. Heavenly Father always answers my 
prayers in the right time, and I know He knows me personally.I was Baptized Feb 2007 in Queens NY :) i never knew this sister though but 
her story touched my hearti'm so grateful for Thomas S Monson & his beautiful messages.@fyrefox93 The First Presidency gave out a letterand which said that you 
can donate through the Humanitarian Aid in your Tithing slip.Her humble testimony and story made my heart glad today. I loved that side 
view mirror on that car! :)You can donate to the Humanitarian fund on a tithing slip at church. It 
goes straight to help; the Church is already way into helping thereIts from April 2009: here's the link. Thomas S. Monson, Be Your Best Self, 
Liahona, May 2009, 677As a professional video editor, I'd say there is at the very least 10-15 
hours of raw video cut here. This 4:12 video would have been quite a lot of 
work to produce. Also, I like how it incorporates some hand-held work. It 
is a style that makes the video more real, more fluid. more organic. Yet it 
is not over done to the point of exhaustion. Very good work.a very nice video and a beautiful messageSo, um, can you guys post more of these up faster? j/k....but really, I 
love these videos. Thanks for your time and energy in putting these 
together, whoever's doing that!Beautiful message and story thank you.Which speach was this from? Need to find the translation so i can get it in 
my languages...."Prayer is the soul's sincere desire... The Christians vital breath" This 
is such a comforting message to me.I want to help Haidi. I fell like i need to help. I want to hold some sort 
of drive at my school and send it to Haidi. But i don't know how to get it 
there....I want to write a letter to the church asking for help but i don't 
know where to send it...or even how to ask if we can send it to Haiti 
through the church. But i know i want to help and this seems to be the only 
way i know how....any suggestions? please note me or comment back. They 
need help more then ever right now.=D Thank you.Satan trembles when he sees the weakest Saint upon his knees.Oh so true, stay in touch with our Father in Heaven !!@calituchi1 it is not possible to pray too often. We are told to pray 
always and not faint. You can always have a prayer in your heart :)I felt heavily burdened yesterday as I watched this but I prayed and poured 
my soul out to Heavenly Father and acknowledged my weaknesses and asked for 
strength and charity. Then I had Young Womens last night and as always 
happens giving service blesses the giver the most. I felt a new perspective 
on my challenges. I began to see that they were part of Gods divine plan 
for me. He wants to stretch me so I can develop more Christlike charity. 
Today I feel light and happy! Thank you!This was beautiful!Fantastic!Five and a half years ago He rescued me. A lot out of control alcholic and 
drug addict. He will rescue you too!Prayer is what the devil hates most, which is for good reason.Yet another incredible message. Thanks for sharing this masterpiece. ♥I love these messages, I try to watch them every day, They lift my spirit 
and touch my spirit, thank you for this message of prayer, I love my 
Heavenly Father and the knowledge I have that He hears my prayers.I love hearing President Monson speak. It really brings the Spirit.I have a question is it possible to pray too much or it's ok? I'm not surePrayer works for me too! That is how I came to know that Thomas S. Monson 
is a prophet of God.I love President Monson so much! What a WONDERFUL message!!This was awesome. I love stories like these."Prayer is the Passport To Peace" - I love this real-life example of a 
rescued life through God's loving powerThomas S. Monson ist ein Prophet Gottes. Er kennt Jesus Christus und er 
spricht zu uns die Worte, die Jesus an uns richtet. Und was sagt er? Betet 
und hört zu! Gebt nicht auf, an Gott zu glauben und im Namen Jesu Christi 
zu ihm zu beten. Betet immer. Ich bezeuge, dass Gott persönliche Gebete 
hört und beantwortet. Wir brauchen uns nur ganz fest auf ihn zu 
konzentrieren und ihn ernsthaft und aus tiefstem Herzen Gott anrufen. Ja, 
er lädt jeden Menschen gütig ein, zu ihm zu kommen.Amazing.He rescued me 17 years ago! A drug dealing thief. He rescued my soul from 
Hell. If he rescued me he can rescue anybody.I love this video! I really needed to hear this message today! thanks :)amenI always look forward to these videos and check back OFTEN for new 
MormonMessages! Prayer has changed my life.I love when personal stories are shared in these videos.Beautifull.What a beautiful message.thank youThank you, I needed that more than even I knew.love it :D iA message I needed to hear today from a prophet of the Lord. Thank you so 
much for posting this.Another well done video.miracles are brought through prayer! . I so testify of that.I love this video!!! Prayer truly is the passport to peace!!beautiful message n_n..... :)"With God all things are possible" Yes, He does!Beautiful video!!fantastic :)Wow! I Love This Video! :)this couldn't have come at a better time...about a week ago, i began 
praying every day......it's made all the difference in the world...This is a great video in my opinion :).Prayer is Power...!Very spiritual :D :D :DAwesome :)