A childs faith is more than an adults, the way a child goes about his or 
her day, truly beautiful. Im still a preteen and i believe in The Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints more than i ever have before.I taught Primary (Sunday school) for a while, and even though it was tough 
at times, seeing their smiles and feeling there sweet spirits made my week.Such sweet, tender Spirits of light and holiness. They have Christ with 
them, how beautiful that is :)what a sweet message. if we could only remember how to smile like that as 
we grow older. Thats the secret of this life. SMILE EVERONE."You Tube is not promoting the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
" That is correct. But even if one church *were* being promoted above 
another, there is no reason that would be illegal. This is a commercial 
site, not a government organization.You Tube is not promoting the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
Anyone can have a 'channel' on here if they create one. Beautiful video... 
I have served in Primary many years and love children. Love their 
enthusiasm to learn truth and to live it.yes every kid should have 2 adults who love each other and love there kids 
and look after them. that is all we can ask, i think. EdIt makes me happy just to watch.Father has promised that if we endure bravely, and pray for our children, 
they will return and follow the path back to Him. I believe this with all 
my heart and soul, as I too, have a few children that have caused heavy 
sadness.Those images are the most powerful message of love, innosence and hope. No 
words can probably convey that message more powerfully.I have 7 children. Some grown and married...some in their late teenage 
years. Out of the 7 only 2 talk to me any more. It saddens me they don't 
think I am important in their lives but every night, I thank the Lord for 
them and how much they mean to me. Thank God for children.Such a nice video, not one word spoken, but the message conveyed perfectly.I believe EVERY child should have a Mother and Father whenever possible. 
Children need protecting.creations of heavenly father. nice video.Great! Thank you! :-D I'm so looking forward to having my own children. :-)with a few immages you have given a great message! Bravo!!Love it. Thank you!I can't think of anything more beautiful than those faces.So simple, and yet so profound and beautiful!I love it.. Children are so great!!This is such a great and touching video. I have 5 children myself, and know 
how dear they must be to my Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ if they are 
that precious to me!sweet!Beautiful music and kids, but I did miss a spoken message. Greetings from 
Denmark :)