those birds are so beautiful! i'm going to be an ornithalogist when i grow 
up﻿Beautifully touching video.﻿<3😭that was beautiful ﻿I believe that all animals should be saved from harm.LOS FELICITOS Y LOS AMO SON MI FAMILIA Y SE QUE NUESTRO PADRE CELESTIAL LO 
VA A BENDECIR Y SIEMPRE JUNTOS HASTA LA ETERNIDAD BB PODEMOS REUNIRNOS POR 
SIEMPRE OTRA VEZ Thank you for your thoughtful reply. We don't believe in a hell where 
anyone goes just because they don't believe in our faith. I encourage you - 
and anyone else who wants to, to find out more at mormon.org.It's good to hear someone has an open mind... It's very refreshing. Some 
people say that we are trying to earn our way to Heaven. Those who don't 
earn it go to Hell. But what we really believe is that we are learning 
Heaven. We are learning and becoming better to WANT to be in heaven... I 
don't think it will be God telling us that we can't enter Heaven but the 
other way around.I love this so very much! Im so thanful for everything God has done for me. 
This man is amazing and i apreciate him.You say you are fairly informed on every religion. Do you know that 
Mormonism believes that they are "little-Gods"? You say that you are an 
atheist and that you don't want to believe in any religion that believes 
that "good" people will go to hell, if they don't believe in the "truth". 
Can you define "good"? We don't believe that people will just go to hell for not knowing or 
believing. Anyone who didn't have the opportunity will have a chance to be 
ministered to, and those too young and innocent to have learned will go to 
heaven. I have been visited by other religions that taught "If you don't 
know or believe you go to hell" and I don't agree with that either. I don't 
believe God would punish anyone out of ignorance or choosing not to because 
of the wrong people.I, as a Mormon, have been taught that God and our Savior, Jesus Christ, 
love all His children. We are not to judge. That is left to those who love 
us dearly, and know our hearts and circumstances. Most of us, as parents, 
wish only the best for our children. Even those who stray and reject us and 
what we believe. I can only think that loving Father, who created us loves 
us so perfectly that we can't even imagine His mercy and love for us. He 
will rescue us if we let Him. Everyone.Well our faith explains there are multiple levels of exaltaion and the 
closest thing to hell is outter darkness were ever few people ever go.I am a member of Mormon church, but my parents and siblings aren't. They 
are not bad people in anyway. It's up to God to judge who will go to hell, 
and I don't believe my parents and siblings will go to hell. I surely hope 
someday they will taste the sweetness of the gospel, and share the same joy 
that I share from exercising faith in Jesus Christ, and from believing 
there's an ultimate source of hope, love, charity, and other goodness.George Patrick O'Neil Pretty hawks and owl's. We believe that there are 3 kingdoms of heaven: Celestial, Terrestrial, and 
Telestial.Plus "outer darkness" which is referred to as "hell". God will 
judge everyone individually after the entire world gets to hear the Gospel 
in this life, or the next. To be in the Celestial Kingdom you have to have 
all your temple ordinances done, therefore being a member. So, if God 
thinks you are a good overall person, you won't go to 'hell' or 'outer 
darkness'. Its all based on His supreme judgement. :)ThanksThank you for your comment itsmRo. I can say that we do not believe that 
everyone who doesn't believe as we do goes to Hell. In mormon theology we 
believe in 3 kingdoms of glory, you can read them in Doctrine and Covenants 
88 on the churches website. Plus, all who die are given the chance to hear 
the word of God and accept it or reject it according to their own choice.Celestial, Terrestrial, Telestial. What is this hell you speak of?SE CON CERTEZA QUE LA IGLESIA ES VERDADERA Y QUE JESUCRISTO ES QUIEN DIRIGE 
MI VIDA Y POR ELLO ESTOY MUY FELIZ. .AMO AMI ESPOSA , MIS HIJOS Y MIS 4 
NIETOS. Oh no! We don't believe in condemning anyone for not believing. We don't 
like to think about people being sent to 'outer darkness' or 'hell.' We 
believe in free agency. If you ever become more interested in that area of 
our beliefs you can refer to "The Plan Of Salvation" (which is a big part 
of our beliefs too.) Thanks for the comment BTW. It's nice to have 
different people comment & give feedback. :)If you want a more detailed answer, find some Mormon missionaries and tell 
them you want to specifically know about the "Great Plan of Happiness". Its 
basically the big picture, from before this life until after the final 
judgement, and it is fascinating to consider.Then eventually all spirits will return to God, where He will judge them 
and then bless them with a kingdom of glory. The "brightness" of these 
kingdoms will vary, and those who have been most faithful will inherit the 
brightest glory. Even the kingdom with the lowest glory far surpasses the 
beauty and magnificence of this earth life.Thanks for throwing your question out there. The LDS Church does teach 
about what happens after this life. There's isn't a Hell as it is typically 
portrayed, with eternal fire, brimstone, and demons, but there is what we 
call a spirit prison, or a temporary waiting place where unbelieving 
people's spirits go. It is a waiting place, and there are still 
opportunities to learn about God's plan and to choose whether or not to 
believe it.Thanks for your comment. I really appreciate it. As a matter of fact, we Do 
Not believe in a hell where anyone who simply doesn't believe in our 
religion will be there. Nor do we believe that you inherit "all that the 
Father has" just by being a member of our church. We believe that everyone 
will be judged according to the light and knowledge they've received and 
rewarded for their faithfulness to that light and knowledge. We don't believe in a hell like so. we believe in three levels of glory 
though. and we believe that here is missionary work in the afterlife in 
converting those people. (You may need to double check me on that though) 
but I'm pretty sure I'm sure.Living the gospel of Jesus Christ is hard, but the alternative is even 
harder. How blessed I am to have the comforting knowledge of God's Plan of 
Salvation! I just received my mission call and am excited to help others 
feel that same peace and joy I've felt.Heaven for those who LOVE ONE ANOTHER and mental hell fod thise who 
TRESPASS ON THEIR FELLOW MAN... thus, a great & dreadful day... :)@TJMeanea __Non of us have the capacity to pass condemning judgement on others. I the 
Lord will forgive whom I will forgive but of you it is required to forgive 
all men. That is not easy to do."I've let him down many-a-time...but he's never let me down." The truth of 
that statement makes me want to be so much better for Christ and for God, 
because they love me more than I could ever love them, and I want to return 
to them someday :)i was hoping the owl was going to talkabout he was rescued"...if ye will repent and harden not your hearts, IMMEDIATELY shall the 
great plan of redemption be brought about unto you" (Alma 34:31). "I 
beseech of you that ye do not procrastinate the day of your repentance 
until the end" (Alma 34:33). God can, will, and desires to bring about the 
great plan of redemption in your life. He loves you. You have the power to 
change your life right here, right now. The best decisions you'll make will 
be your decisions to repent. I know this for a fact.From the bottom of my heart, I believe the church is true. If you want to 
know it for yourself, test it. Pray with real intent. Read the Book of 
Mormon daily. Be like Christ and forget yourself to serve for another's 
happiness. Forsake sin. The quicker you apply these tests, the quicker 
you'll learn for yourself. Lastly, repentance is for everyone. From 
experience, I learned that repentance was made to make us better at the 
core. The 4 tests change us at the core, so living them is repenting. :)An informed opinion, one way or the other is appreciated. I'm not LDS 
myself, but many of my friends are... "Friend" me if you like... and 
contact me on Facebook too if it pleases you. unfortunately good is a term that is completely up to the people and can be 
rationalised is a million different ways. Thats why jesus came to show us 
what "good" was, he gave us a standard to live to and forgiveness if and 
when we failed. In the 18th century in England it was perfectly acceptable 
for a married man to visit prostitutes, in much more ancient times is was 
perfectly "good" to watch Christians being slaughtered. Good needs an 
unbreakable standard or we will forever degenerate.No one can determine who will be in heaven or hell, (as you might 
understand it). Mormons are taught that they are forbidden to make final 
judgments as to where someone will end up.I went through that phase, it's great that you are asking yourself if the 
church is true instead of just following those around you. Pray about it 
and find out for yourself, I did that at 16 years old, you may not get the 
answer the first time your Pray but don't stop until you know for yourself. 
Focus on what feels right, you will get your answer like I and many others 
have : )I don't know if anyone has replied to you yet, but let me assure you that 
the only "hell" we believe in is one for those who have committed hideous 
crimes against humanity. You sound like a wonderful young man. You will 
receive a degree of glory based upon your works on this earth. I know you 
will find your own truth when the time is right for you. Keep reading, 
searching and keep being a good guy. Very powerful, has me thinking about a lot of the choices I have previously 
made.. Hopefully god can forgive me for my sins.We don't believe that people who don't believe simply go to outer darkness. 
Everybody, whether in this life or the next will have a chance to learn 
about the gospel and either accept it or reject it. It may be helpful to reflect on the nature of "outer darkness". The chief 
cause of darkness there is being cut off from the presence of the Savior, 
the Light of the World, and is key to their suffering. Those sent there 
(Satan, his angels, and the sons of perdition—those who have denied the Son 
after the Father has revealed Him) you'll realize they made the choice to 
separate themselves from Him and rejected His atonement knowing full well 
who He is. Nonetheless, the heavens weep for these.Like this gentleman, my life was blessed by another, in my case a state 
trooper who had me dead to rights with hard, cold evidence. He instead gave 
me a second chance just as I was turning my life around. I shortly 
thereafter joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. My 
experience has been similar to this man's, both with supportive members of 
the Church, and with Christ. To answer your question: we believe Christ 
suffered for everyone, knows our hearts and rewards good deeds.Nice.Thx for your comment, I loved reading that. Everyone should try to be more 
open-minded like you. In answer to your question, No, the LDS religion 
believes ALL good people will be praised, in heaven, for their good work on 
earth. We believe The Lord loves every person on earth equally and all are 
entitled to the same blessings on earth & in Heaven. And we believe that we 
too are commanded to love everyone equally, and we do our best to oblige 
The Lord's request. I hope that answers your question!I truly appreciate your comment. Mormons don't believe you are going to 
hell if you are not part of the Mormon faith. It gets a little more 
complicated if i was to get into further detail but i just wanted to clear 
up that fact for you. But im glad that you can appreciate this message and 
are not close minded like so many. The closest thing we have to a hell is called outer darkness. The only 
people that go there are those who gain a testimony of Christ that is 
unshakable, and then deny it, and, perhaps, those who murder. Even if you 
are a thief, an abuser, or have committed many acts of evil without 
remorse, after a sort of cleansing period after the judgement where you 
must remember and feel pain for the sins you committed, you go to a degree 
of heaven. You too will some day partake of a degree of heaven.Only those who truly know Christ and deny him will go to "hell". that's 
what we believe. but it isn't a "hell" of the standard stereotype. :) Love 
seeing respectful people who don't believe in my religion, gives me more 
hope for general mankind.just think if he didn't confess & go to jail he never would have had all 
that time to study. The book of mormon says that many plain and precious 
truths were taken from many of the words of the jews to cause many to 
stumble & satan has great power over many. The bible says that soon as the 
seed falls on stony ground the devil is there & immediatly takes it out of 
the hearts. I pray your heart would be good ground, & you would take the 
word of God, apply it & reap 100 fold in this life & to comeTry your best to be a good person. Let Christ worry about the rest.don't worry, we don't. :)What an awesome story. And what pretty birds.Why would you believe something simply because it's too risky to not 
believe it, in case it's real? It's too risky not to believe in Santa Claus 
and be good for him because if he's real and you don't believe, you won't 
get any presents for Christmas.I believe same could be said for the church. It's not perfect, and neither 
are the laws within it. But just because we may come across a fault in the 
church doesn't mean we should give up on the church. We should believe that 
God can do a work on correcting the church as a whole as much as he can 
correct us for our own actions. Truly, we all fall short--even the 
prophets---but God is merciful.The LDS Church (Mormons) do not believe in such a hell. We believe that God 
has things he wants to bless us with, And the better we follow the 
teachings and example of his son Jesus Christ, the more we allow him to 
bless us. If you are curious about what we believe about the afterlife, ask 
a Mormon, or a Morman Missionary about the "Plan of Salvation" and where we 
go after we die.What a beautiful, touching story of redemption. God bless this man and his 
family.hey there george i just watched your video and i just want to thank you for 
sharing your story , i think your a very brave guy sharing it with the 
world what you did and how you came to better your life , i understand a 
lot of what you said about your younger days because mine where cloudy too 
so i just wanted to wish you all the luck and thank you again k.coxCan Some one explain the mesage from LDS. Or Mormon.Not at all. In short we believe that all who die go to heaven. There, those 
who have not had the opportunity to hear the Gospel are given that chance 
to accept or reject it. Just because a person does not accept the Gospel 
does not make them a bad person. Visit lds.org to find more in depth 
explanations where you can read in the privacy of your home. Best to you!"There are people out there who need help, and you don't give up on them 
just because they've injured themselves". Well said Bro. O'Neill.Time and Time again - you produced videos that I especially need at just 
that time. "Hope" is one emotion that the world seems short in supply which 
is why so many choices are only considered in the 'short term' (myself 
included). Thank you for reminding me that through Jesus Christ there is 
ALWAYS hope. The spirit is so strong with this message- everything JUST 
WORKS to bring this 'feeling' to me. Thanks again.I like your comment, and I respect that you didn't start calling names. 
-Thanks.Great question, itsmRo. Mormons see heaven something like an open door, or 
rather a series of open doors. God invites everyone to enter the door where 
He is. If they won't come, He invites them to enter the door closest to Him 
that the person will accept. Hell is the door that is farthest away from 
God, and we believe the only people who go there are those who hate God so 
much they will accept nothing from Him. We think there are very, very few 
people who will choose this.Sorry, really long comment :P Even though the Telestial is the lowest 
level, its glory surpasses all understanding. I hope that makes sense. If 
you would like more information, there's a more in-depth explanation if you 
look up "Kingdoms of Glory" on lds.org.As for heaven, we believe that there are three different kingdoms of 
heaven, each differing in glory - the Celestial Kingdom, for those who live 
a lifetime of righteousness and who receive the proper ordinances (baptism, 
marriage, etc.); the Terrestrial Kingdom, for those who, like you said, are 
good people, but didn't believe; and the Telestial Kingdom, for people who 
commit serious sins like murder, adultery, etc. and don't repent. Thanks for your comment! :) We don't really believe in "heaven and hell" as 
many others do. What most people would think of as hell, we refer to as 
outer darkness, and this is only for those who straight up deny Christ, 
even after they've had the chance to see Him and believe. Thank you Brother O'Neill for sharing. We are all injured in some way and 
Christ can heal our wounds.As an atheist, I can say I really like this message to give hope to people 
who need help and better their lives with a friendly community and 
organization. I just really hope you guys do not believe in a hell where 
anyone who simply doesn't believe in your religion will be there even if 
they are a good person overall. Young guy here, love listening to your 
opinions, Thanks :) p.s. I'm fairly informed on every religion, don't 
assume I haven't looked into anything :PThank you for having it captioned! It is a wonderful message. :)Christ rescues us all.George O'Neill! That was a beautiful testimony about our blessed Lord Jesus 
Christ. I am not a member of the Mormon Church, or rather of "the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints" but I am trusting our Lord Jesus as my 
Saviour and I regard you as a Brother in Him. God bless you. Jude 24! I'm touched and very inspired. Thank you!achei todos ótimos, queria somente a traduzação que não consegui .It so reassuring to know that because of our eldest brother, we can and do 
live a happier life upon this earth. When you are living the life that 
Christ and our Father in Heaven wants us to live, there is indeed a 
peaceful feeling. How can any one dis like one if these video's, it's crazy. Just watching 
these video's gives Me comfort knowing that no mater how many times I make 
mistakes, even if it's the same one over & over again, I know that He'll 
always forgive Me & that He'll encourage Me todo better."There are people out there who need help, and you don't give up on them 
just because they've injured themselves. We've got to keep working on them 
to get them better. It's what Christ asked us to do..." This is one of the 
Mormon Messages. love it!!! Thank you for creating and sharing it! WOW i've never cried during one of these...but all of a sudden this one hit 
me more than ever i actually cried a little over this...i feel better 
already! thanks for everything I don't think i could have been any happier 
the way I am n I'm grateful for everything that I have in my life because 
of you..so i wanna say thank u for not letting me down.Thank you, brother O'Neill. Thank you, dear Savior. "...but he's never let me down." that is so true. Christ will always be 
there for me and I love him so much.Such a sweet, kind man. And such beautiful feathered creatures of God.Awesome!that was beautiful! Exactly! "because i do need it"Great Video!I love the way the Lord uses you. you're always coming with something new. 
Just the opportunity to upload the ministry, is such a marvelous way to 
spread the word.