this sounds a lot like elder Bednar today﻿Little did that sister know, she WAS talking to a prophet :)﻿Esta é verdadeiramente A Igreja do Salvador Jesus Cristo e o Reino de Deus 
estabelecido sobre a Terra nestes últimos dias em preparação para a Vinda 
do Salvador. Quer o mundo creia ou não, aceite ou não, fale mal ou não, 
persiga ou não, esta é a verdade de Deus que não pode ser refutada jamais. 
Assim como todo joelho se dobrará e confessará que Jesus é o Cristo; assim 
também, todo joelho se dobrará e confessará e reconhecerá que A Igreja e o 
Livro de Mórmon são verdadeiros, e que o Profeta Joseph Smith foi chamado 
pelo Pai Celestial para nesta última dispensação restaurar o Evangelho e 
toda verdade!﻿Awesome this is great!﻿It sucks to see him getting old. I would have loved to have been in the 
room with him and GBH. Two of the funniest apostles ever.﻿Let's go shopping!﻿So amazing!! He was so wonderful and humble then, and yet, he seems to have 
grown even more since. Such a truly incredible prophet of God.﻿thank GOD we  have such a blessed man  thank you for all your service  I 
love you president MONSON﻿Nephi did not exist it is a fictional character.1950s Mormons preached if he was good that the only way a black man to get 
to heaven was a Slave what nice warm compassionate church this is.Monson he is a liar white mans church spot the black MAN can you see one I 
can't see one, ring any bells ding dong white Nazi's LDS. Rotten rusty ship Mormonism name this ship lies.Monson and co/ are lying to God Stephen Put your faith in the gospel in Matthew 5,6,7 and 3 Nephi 12,13,14 and STOP 
selling salvation for tithe MONEY and extorting the widows last mite for 
your $1.6 billion shopping mall you green apron wearing, LUCIFERS Power and 
Priesthood fGod, how many presidents is he going to name off in that Green Apron 
LUCIFERS Power and Priesthood cult? Using titles puts the members down 
president president president president. Be humble and stop saying 
president you freak.Matthew 5;-10 The Beatitudes the bible.. no connections with Mormonism. Matthew five the bible. Jesus Christ said everyone is welcome to my fathers table remember Stephen 
this is 1963 no blacks in this false church all white face's ring any 
bell's 50 YEARS of lies Monson 1963-2013 White mans church Mormonism not Christian no connections Monson is a liar.Not a single coin, sword, sheath, breastplate, piece of armor, chariot, 
wheel, crude axle NOTHING of the "thousands" of people. Of the more than 
150 tribes that we have a DNA record of not a single one came from ancient 
Jewish lineage and in fact they were found to have come from central, 
eastern and northern Asia. No physical proof, geological proof, DNA 
evidence and I wanted so badly for something to prove the book true. But 
sadly there is no proof because it was all made up and imagined.232008mg not one person told me a thing, while reading History of The 
Church I found out the truth or lack thereof for myself. It started with 
the book of Abraham which J Smith said that he began to translate from 
Egyptian papyri. That papyri was rediscovered, acknowledged by the church 
to be authentic and every single word Joseph wrote was incorrect and 
therefore a lie. Of all the battles and peoples described throughout The 
Pearl of Great Price there has been no evidence found.Troll much.The LDS church just teaches us how to be loving, care for others and how to 
be close to our lord.Ex mormons are so unhappy. The only thing that makes them happy is 
influencing members to commit apostacy just like they did. Its simple, 
instead of putting their faith in the church they put their faith in the 
things that people have said about the church.God loves all his children even the GLBT Peaple Love is loveCool old and wise PeapleSome one please shut down comments on this page. Why slander President 
Monsons testimony with the rubbish I've been reading.The SEALED PORTION of the Book of Mormon is here. Ida Smith the founder of 
the Women's Research Institute has read this and was excommunicated and 
shunned by the apostles and prophets and her closest friends Shunned.... 
Now learn what has been released and let your own spirit tell you of the 
truth at Marvelousworkandawonder(dot)comThat's the choir that you're referring to. Each conference the choir wears 
a different color. They have worn every color under the sun, and in this 
video they happen to be wearing white. This in no way reflects our beliefs 
on race in any way. Please do do assume, if something seems strange to you 
look into to it with an open mind and heart. that women DID get to meet a prophet! she just didn't know it yet :) Wow 50 years!The only bell I keep hearing is the echo in your empty head...I'm guessing 
you don't factor listening to a man before calling him a liar...based on 
what.. his skin color? wow....read pray ponder, you won't get lostMormon 5th colonist nice try have a nice day.GREAT! Jesus Christ has no connections with a white mans church 1963 Monson.Have you noticed in the back ground all white. Mormons ring any bells?Thomas s monson is coolYou can lie at any age Monson has lied since 1963 - 2013 50 years of lies. 
this old man will take his lies to his grave.Oh I've written letters, but they keep coming. Do not for a second think i 
havent tried to get this to stop, I don't nor did I say I thought this was 
a conspiracy against me. Seems very strange that they don't stop coming 
though. Ruben Hernandez, I don't want your love, spread ot where it would 
be of use, I've seen the kind of "love" you claim to spread but I have 
another word for it.still lying It is amazing that Pres. Monson is over 80 years old almost 90 . We look for ex members cause we love themThe reason why some people get frequent visits from missionaries and 
members of the church is cause we don't have a paid person deleting, 
auditing , members that left and don't want the gospel , so we keep going 
back by not knowing ex members don't want us , we love them sobweYou are being fed lies...but not by the Church. If you write the Church 
asking to have your name removed from it's records, the only visit you will 
recieve will be by happenstance. Missionaries will proselyte...it's part of 
what they do. There is no conspiracy theory involving your torment on the 
part of the Church. You do, however sound tormented.Mormons don't hate gays...that really is slanderous. Neither did 
proposition 8. Your accusation however could be described as hate mongering.I wonder what it is that contentionist on this post hear when these leaders 
speak. I'm sooo thankful for the wonderful blessings and understandings 
that are heard by my mind and that is felt by my soul. These men and women 
represent the Father and the Son...and the Holy Ghost bears witness of 
these truths to those that have ears to hear. We Thank Thee Oh God For A 
Prophet! Wow great reply Kelly Ann - way to dodge a question.I don't live in Utah. . What a dumb assumption.I have a problem with your false representation of Him so read and get your 
facts straight you poor conflicted girl. @Kelly Ann - I wasn't bashing God or Christ and I'm well aware that 
people's actions are not God's action and you seem a little self-righteous. 
The leaders of God? That's a stretch by and length of imagination, you 
should go anywhere else but Utah and make that flash claim and see the 
truth because it's nowhere to be found here. I've seen first-hand how you 
shun those that aren't part of the church and that is MAN not God's doing. 
I don't have a problem with GodWhat gives you the right to say that he is wrong Lori? Your church has done 
a lot of hate funding with Prop 8 and the 15 MILLION it spent to bring it 
down. I didn't see anyone bashing God or Jesus. Just your hate-spewing 
church, it is sad that you don't see that. You are so wrong. . I am sorry for you and for your need to bash God. 
Christ and a church that is only about God and Jesus Christ, NOT about the 
people alone. . We put our faith in God and Jesus Christ. . Leaders 
following God should not be denigrated by people who don't understand that 
PEOPLE's actions are NOT God's. . I am sorry you were hurt by someone who 
was LDS, but that person or persons are responsible, not the "church".@Josh By getting technical you mean telling them what you really believe 
in. Which is pretty far out there. I don't believe for a moment that 
anything you say would freak an athiest out though. Your mistaken i didn't call non Mormons stupid. I was referring to stupid 
people in general who would not understand and freak out if i got all 
technical about it. I know all my Baptist and Lutheran friends would. And 
even my few atheist friend.You actually have that totally wrong and backwards. The church won't leave 
me alone, they keep coming and keep sending missionaries to my door. I 
testify that I know the church is not true yet they keep coming like a 
plague. I know that it is true that you can leave the church but it will 
never leave you alone. I wouldn't be on here if they would let me live in 
peace and utter happiness that I've found when I left the church. I feel so 
sorry for you that you're so blinded by their lies.I feel bad for you guys. I mean you must be so unhappy because if you were 
happy you would'nt be bothering this church anymore planting seeds of doubt 
into people trying to tear their faith apart, you might aswell be doing it 
to every other church and religion aswell why only us. But its true. People 
can leave the church but they will never leave it alone. You're a perfect 
example of that.Less confusing to stupid people? Do you realize how ridiculous that sounds 
when talking about religious belief? You aren't a Mormon, you're a moron. 
You just said JS had help translating the BoM. You are so lost little boy. You should learn the truth by doing your own research of this false church 
with its false prophets. You are the gullable little child here, you can't 
even defend your church you just call names and make judgments. You have no 
argument to defend it. This is why the rest of the country laughs at the 
Mormon faith. It's no wonder you are losing members at a catastrophic rate.232008mg if you had bothered to read my posts I am an exmormon and probably 
know a lot more than you do. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints IS WHO TAUGHT ME and fed me and my wife lies for 22 years of my 
life. I see this false work every day because I live in Sandy.I am not sure it is true that non-Mormons study more but he said he is a 
former Mormon. Former Mormons have a greater zeal than most to uncover the 
truth about anyone that has had this religion forced down their throat for 
their entire life. I was a faithful member too, until I found out all of 
the lies that my bishop and church told me. I never knew that Joseph Smith 
killed people while defending himself at Carthage. Jesus never sinned yet 
Joseph murdered his would be attackers. E Simmons where do you get your information from? You're so gullable. I 
feel bad for you, your ignorance keeps you from actually coming to our 
church and learning the truth from the members themselves.Joshua Heckathorn I'm having trouble translating your post... If I'm 
reading it correctly you're saying all non-mormons are stupid and 
conspiracy theorists? You should really research your church history and 
find the truth but you have fun believing God lives on a planet called 
Kolab and following the teachings of a polygamist.I Love the gospel of Jesus Christ and the peace that it brings to me, my 
family, and so many others. I Love President Thomas S Monson. His life is a 
testament to the truth of the restored gospel here on earth and I am 
eternally thankful for his example and leadership as I know that he is a 
Prophet of God here on the earth today.I guess it is true non-mormons watch more videos and study more about the 
lds church than members do but never learn anything because they lack 
faith. You will do this for the rest of your life and always be 
curious/confused about this gospel. Why can't you just leave it alone and 
focus on another church? I mean why waste your time?I still love monsen. And am a huge uchdorf fanBecause it's is less confusing to stupid people,anti mormons and conspiracy 
theorists ect. Doesn't change the fact that he(with help) translated it. 
With the curious urm and the thrummWhy does the church insist on showing pictures of Joseph Smith translating 
directly from the gold plates when he actually stuck his head in a hat and 
with the assistance of Urim and Thummim transcribed the verses as Oliver 
Cowdery wrote it down. He used "seer stones" to translate the Book of 
Mormon. The same type of stones he used in his youth when being paid to 
find precious metals and by sticking his head into a stovepipe hat with 
seer stones in the bottom.We know this work is true, seeds of doubt should not have a place in our 
hearts. He has just as much right to be here as anyone take the chance to 
witness your testimony."Beloved, do NOT believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether 
they are from God, because many false prophets have gone out into the 
world." -1 John 4:1. Every now and then put the book of mormon down and 
read the scriptures. An affirmation of faith is more than praying about an 
issue that troubles your soul and if the answer is negative or not what was 
expected to keep praying about it forever until you feel good about what it 
was to begin with. Moroni's prayer challenge is a joke.Your response is exactly what I'm talking about - that holier than thou 
attitude you have but with you it's different, you still believe you will 
go to a higher kingdom of heaven because of your works. You claim to put 
Jesus in the center of the faith and his name is in the LDS title yet if 
President Monson came to GC and said he has done more a greater work than 
Jesus you would have faith that he has actually done this! Blind faith is 
nothing more than an extreme state of gullibility.232008mg You put your faith in men as well as God, you are mormon. You 
believe in prophets and you believe that the president of the church speaks 
directly to God and visa versa. You poor misguided person... To answer your 
question yes, I was raised in the church, I was "called" (more of a 
matter-of-fact letter) to serve the Texas Fort Worth mission which I did so 
faithfully until I learned the truth of 'my' church. This was the first 
time I'd left SLC without my family.Its so nice to hear him as a young apostle of God. we can see how God 
prepared him throgh these years to be a prophet. I know that he today is 
truly the living prophet of God on earth. He has all the keys, and receives 
revelation for all mankind. And we are going to have the oportunity to 
listen him this weekendSimple. We put our faith in God not men. You question too much thats why 
you'll never have faith. Without faith you'll never get an answer. Why are 
you watching these videos? There is obviously something bugging you deep 
down inside. I mean what are you? An ex-mormon? Investigator? Why can't you 
leave this gospel alone?Brian I'm not here to destroy faith whatsoever but to question it. It is so 
odd that whenever a latter day saint is challenged about anything outside 
of their belief structure that the first response is to label them an agent 
of satan that is here to destroy. Be proud and defend your religion and be 
open to the possibility that there is more than you've been told in your 
church's own published works.This looked like it was televised, wondering when the conferences where 
first televised? Long time ago, I was 3 then. I just found that 1963 and 
2013 the same calendars. that was Friday Oct 4th 1963, and now it is Friday 
Oct 4th 2013, and General Conference being on the 5th and 6th of Oct, were 
the same as Oct 1963.E Simmons...Your intent here is obvious. Though you're welcome to write 
just about anything you'd like, you're unwillingness to be reasonable and 
your intent to destroy faith is transparent to everyone; and thus, you're 
less likely to be listened to. Best wishes! :)Kseismoloj you seem to think by throwing old testament scripture from THE 
bible that it somehow justifies excluding African Americans from equal 
saving grace afforded to white mormon men? God commanded moses and a 
multitude of others to kill also, is that how you defend the mountain 
meadow massacres of southern Utah where mormons slaughtered men women and 
children, sold their belongings and forcibly adopted their children?Moses was a true prophet wasn't he? He stood for only the Levites 
administering in the priesthood. Under the direction of the Lord he 
destroyed many nations. The Lord also, through Samuel, told Saul to go and 
destroy the Amalekites, and to not marry people who were outside of the 
tribes of Israel (Deuterononmy 7:1-4). Do you understand all cases of why 
the Lord asks certain things of His people? Don't be so quick to judge for 
you may find yourself on the wrong side.Do you believe that the Lord should apologize to you for only allowing the 
Levites to administer in the Tabernacle back in Moses' time? Where is your 
cry against that? Just because you don't understand the reason why things 
were the way they were, doesn't mean that what was done was wrong. "For my 
thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the 
LORD. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher 
than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts."I love the mormon channel. No more worthless radio while driving around. I 
love listening to our prophets guidance to and from workE Simmons get away from this channel. Stop trying to plant the seed of 
doubt into others just to make yourself feel better.Exciting to hear the words of Pres. Monson 50 years ago! I testify that he 
is a PROPHET of God! I will have the privilege of hearing him this weekend! 
Emocionante ouvir as palavras do Pres. Monson a 50 anos atrás! Eu testifico 
que ele é um PROFETA de Deus!! Terei o privilégio de ouvi-lo neste final de 
semana! No, this is something that a true prophet of God would not have stood for. 
So with your smug tone you'd tell me that in 1968 you didn't know that was 
racist and wrongfully exclusionary? How dare you. The rest of the world 
knew quite well. Again where is the apology?Ah, so you think God should force His will on everything instantly, eh? 
Well, then, I'm sure there are some social changes we should have forced 
down our throats this instant, things that, 50 years from now everyone will 
say, "Well, why did you permit this or that?". God is more patient than we 
are, allowing us to grow when we, as a society, are ready, but the 
anti-Mormons will never see that because they are too busy running around 
screaming "Fire!" all day long. *rolls eyes*He probably thinks that he has done more for mankind than Jesus Christ just 
like Joseph Smith. What a misguided and horribly sad "religion" you have. 
He is no more of a prophet than the other so called prophets in the world. 
This speech was given even before African Americans were allowed to hold 
the priesthood. Very sad indeed, when will you apologize for that Thomas S. 
Monson? It was his first time and from the sounds of it spur of the moment. Of 
course he sounds terrified, now he has 50 years I think of experience 
speaking so it is a lot easier for him.President Monson has definitely developed more of a sense of humor since 
then.This week's General Conference is going to be so awesome!WowPlease could you subtitle in Portuguese? Thanks!He probably had no clue that he would become the Prophet one daythomas s. monson! always and forever such a humble man! admirable! Really really greatSweet!Lovin the skinny tieWow! Just wow!!50 years! Wow!October 1963 General Conference.