Iam proud iam a mommon. The best music that touches my heart and that draws 
me nearer to my Heacenly father. Very comforting and soothing music.﻿exactly. GOD will not ask of you what you cannot do. GOD knows what each 
one of us are capable of doing. Aaron Grove park ward. Yes. but becoming a Mormon is easy. it is the best decision I ever made. 
check out our website and it will tell you what youd want to know. can 
message me offline here and will guide you through it. AaronI had seen this. but things do happen. GOD sees this says no worries my son 
it is all good. I hope ot one day be able to sing with the choir myself. To 
try out. I am a new convert since august. received my priesthood last week. 
am looking forward to a lifetime of serving our lod and our prophet. may 
GOD bless you all in your work, as well as in life. AaronThis choir is my dream! Do you have to be mormon? lindo e inspirador! ;)Wow, such a beautiful song! A very beautiful song that reminds us to do some good for the service of 
others. one of my favorite hymn. i love this , and inspiring me everytime i sing 
it. :))heaven bless david zabriskie for his simple, easy-to-learn arrangements and 
compositions. this is a beautiful arrangement.Such a beautiful song. I love how it says, "then go and do something 
today". Don't be afraid of your efforts not being good enough or grand 
enough. If your heart is in the right place God will accept whatever you're 
willing to give. Because if your heart is in the right place, you are 
giving what you have. That is good enough.I love President Eyring. He has such a good sense of humor. And he takes 
blunders such as this is good stead.@mdybyu: Thank you for that. I really didn't get it why people were 
starting to laugh, but I wanted to know. :)I'm in the choir, and it wasn't apparent to the audience, but Elder Eyring 
got up and started to speak while the introduction for the choir was 
playing and then realized his mistake and quickly returned to his seat. @goodyear2602 Elder Bednar made a joke about the hymn that would be sung 
after his talk, he said: "I get the hint."Yes President Eyring Got up and moved to the podium I thought it had something to do with the speaker right before who 
mentioned the song. He may have done something as he walked away, but the 
camera doesn't show.Anyone knows why the people were laughing?