I am literally blown away that the LDS have began such a mammoth job, and 
im really relieved that its not just a 'mormons only' deal. Because i 
definitely think I will be using the information they've accumulated!﻿Please bring back Gov. Boggs Order 44.﻿spooky﻿I just showed my 18 year old son this. He was amazed. 
For those of you who think this is a cover-up please let me know what 
address where I should mail your tinfoil hat. 
For those who do not understand why these records are so important and need 
to be protected, you do not understand history, or why a culture NEEDS to 
protect and teach it's history -- so we don't repeat it.
For those of you who are threatening to be an enemy of the Mormons. They 
have overcome worse enemies than an online troll.  ﻿Great ! Claudette Floyd can work again with this information. Thank!﻿I have look again . Thank you for information!﻿If my name is in this comment section , the Mormons will have an Eternal 
Enemy. ﻿If my name is in that mountain , the Mormons will have an Eternal Enemy. ﻿the importance of this work is, so records of families and the history of 
the same will not be lost. to know ones self is to know ones past....Noahs ark does not have to be a boat, they build more than one, when the 
pole shift happens, they have to prepare for a certain time in a hostile 
environment, the worst possible is to be caught under the New Polar cap. It 
has happened before, open those eyes. thanks uploader hmm, chuck in some DNA of 2 of everything, wow, its an ARK. Amazing!!!i dont understand why these records are soo important that they need to 
store it in a nuclear proof vault...Amazing and thank you for this storage of genealogy and family records. It 
gives us an opportunity to get to know our ancestors and our heritage. What 
an extra-ordinary task! Nga JonassenThe uploader didn't build this.HOW MUCH MICROFILM COULD THEY POSSIBLY HAVE?What the fuck? Too many microfilms, so they build a vault capable of 
withstanding a nuclear blast six hundred feet into a mountain? Better 
religions have rented storage facilities.All sounds like a cover up.Nobody builts something like this just to hold 
records.Wow! Built in the 60's and they still have tons of room! Amazing! Thank you 
for building it!wow what a lot of work put into getting the records thank you so much for 
uploading this Grazie FamilySearch!!! Luogo di raccolta di libri, microfilm e dischi digitali relativi a dati 
genealogici di tutto il mondo, nelle grotte scavate nel granito vicino a 
Salt Lake Utah, Vedere per rendersi conto della mole di lavoro dietro alle 
ricerche genealogiche di Famly Search.Fascinating! I have been working in the FHC for a fwe years and have always 
wanted to see more about the GMV. Thanks for putting this out here!Very interestingVery informative!