Thanks for these ideas, I been doing my family tree for atleast maybe 12 or 
so years now since I was in high school, being about 15-16 at the time and 
my 'friends' could careless about it I never really got the chance to 
really learn any history which I wanted to do, but now being 28 I've had 
the past 9-10 years out of high school and have been able to do more 
history and genealogy, I like being able to find photos of ancestors and 
scanning or saving a copy online with permission of cause I'm proud of my 
heritage and proud of my ancestors part from one who was abusing his wife 
they ended up divorced in about 1917 I'm glad she got away from the abuse﻿Where is the 1940 Census/ancestror-stories? I am looking for it? Also, How 
can we create something like this for the 1900 census record, and one that 
is international. I am a naturalized citizen, and most of my relatives are 
back in Germany, and some came along time ago, or more recently, here. I 
love the map and stories and sharing idea!﻿I really enjoyed the ideas and what is being done. That is great 
information, and very helpful. Thank you all. Each idea can be used to 
honor ancestors. Love the ideas, thanks for sharingThank you Fran! Wow, I'm impressed at how old and yet new they looked... I 
was just sure it must have been a software... very impressive! Your very 
talented and I hope I can do as well. I'm working on putting a booklet of 
family history together to give to my granddaughter who is expecting her 
first child in October so all these great ideas have really helped me. 
Thank you so much, Kathy PeachResponse from Fran Jensen: The recipe booklet was created by typing the 
story into a Word document, adding the ancestors pictures where needed. I 
just printed the story on white paper and then tore the pages up to make 
them look a little antique. I did the same for the last few pages that are 
just recipes. I printed them out and then tore the paper around each of the 
recipes. I glued all the pieces of the story and recipes to cardstock and 
added some stickers. Sharing stories are great! I just located a long lost cousin I can't wait 
to share this with him! We have been working together to share stories from 
our side of the families.... Wow! The story chain would be great for everyone, not just the people in 
the 1940's... Wow... I am researching my family tree and one of the most 
special thing I have ever found was a story about my grandfathers sister... 
I never had the chance to hear and find stories so this would be great to 
have a page or something for each year... I'll be checking this out for 
sure!To the woman that spoke.... what does she use to create her recipe book and 
also the family history book... like is there a special software that she 
is using? I finally figured out how to ask questions.... From the first man that 
spoke...can you use Billon Graves on the internet? Like can you find graves 
that people have located? 