This recording gives me goosebumps. The music has been honored.﻿Doux moment de Sérénité et de Paix pour tous.﻿nixon movie brought me here﻿Every time I hear this song, I *melt* into tears. My grandfather, who 
passed away four years ago and whom I miss dearly, loved this song his 
whole life, and this reminds me of him in a powerful, powerful way.﻿I'm listening to this in London. and wow what a beautiful sound.﻿Thank you for this beautiful music. God bless you.﻿can someone explain the history of this song, i remember hearing about in 
school but it completely escapes my mind﻿Just beautiful...﻿I usually love the MTC, but I HATE the vocal arrangement they are using for 
this song. Both the arrangement and the lyrics are definitely NOT the ones 
I grew up knowing, and yes the orchestra makes it clear it IS the same 
song. Just a dreadful vocal arrangement IMO, and what a letdown. SMH 
someone thought they would get all "artistic" and just ruined this lovely 
song. I don't care how exquisitely it is sung, a bad arrangement is just 
bad. :(﻿Lindicimo maravillosso, congratulaciones﻿This is listed as a sea shanty -- perhaps for the boats plying the 
Mississippi and Missouri rivers.﻿"Shenandoah" by Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square. A 
favorite song as I paddled the river many times and hiked the surrounding 
trails.
A beautiful place to live.﻿Merveilleux!﻿The music and the pictures are beyond description.  Everything is 
absolutely perfect.﻿I was in the Yukon a few years back and this hymn had such a powerful 
effect as I drove though the majestic mountains of the Yukon. I will never 
forget it.﻿Some songs, some music is arranged and performed by the Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir that makes it the most exceptional in the world. This is one of those 
songs. No other performance rises to the level of this one...﻿miss  my shy.﻿Miss my shy.﻿How is it that we never see choir or orchestra members wiping tears away?  
How do they bring such majestic music, without ever being overcome by their 
own emotions?  Whatever the answer is, "Thank You."  Please excuse me, I 
have something in my eye.﻿While on an extended road trip in 1994 I had the pleasure of seeing the 
Mormon Tabernacle Choir perform during a Sunday morning rehearsal and 
taping of a weekly television program -- the name of which escapes me now. 
A very moving experience I had forgotten -- until I watched this clip.﻿Very well done!  Everytime i hear this song, it gives me comfort and 
tranguility.﻿This is beautiful music﻿YES! I long to hear you....﻿No words to describe how I felt listening to this. Beyond Peace.﻿I just think of Nixon when I hear this now.﻿Que hermoso himno ♥﻿O Shenando` I long to hear you,
Away, you rolling river
O Shenando` I long to hear you
Away, we`re bound away, across the wide Missouri

O Shenando` I long to see you
Away you rolling river
O Shenando` I long to see you
Away, we`re bound away, across the wide Missouri

`Tis seven long years since last I saw you
Away, To hear your rolling river
`Tis seven long years since last I saw you
Away, we`re bound away, across the wide Missouri

O Shenando` I long to see you
Away you rolling river
O Shenando` I long to see you
Away, we`re bound away, across the wide Missouri

O Shenando` I long to see you, across the wide Missouri
O Shenando, Missouri * 3
Shenando﻿I just started crying﻿Just beautiful, what else can you say﻿No wonder so many people dies to protect the Shenandoah and the rest of the 
C.S.A﻿Mooi koor en orkest heel goed in balance.
Je krijgt er niet genoeg van.
Herman﻿This is the most beautiful thing!!!
:^O﻿Bella interpretación de esta tierna canción. ♥﻿Peace!
I live in Brazil. So, the only way I have to adquire this fabulous music is 
through iTunes. Is it possible?﻿Wow. Thank You My Dear Sister. These Brought Many Tears of Tremendous Joy 
to my heart!!! Sounds A lot like Us With The Most Talented Director and 
Teacher Mrs. Louise Williamson Whom I and Certainly Countless Others are 
Eternally Grateful!!!﻿