Mormon Tabernacle Choir is one of the greatest Choirs ever known. The Tones 
are miraculously soothing, great, wonderful, and sought-after. It is a 
genuine privilege to be so honored to listen and digest this quality 
performance. Dr. Vernon﻿i somewhat vaguely remember being taught Poor Little Lambs... Lindsey's 
Grandpa and i were in the waiting bunker of a private plane airport, 
waiting for her to board the plane ( because i fear flying, and didn't want 
to go up ). while we were both waiting, he took me aside from watching ( 
obviously in a panic, i didn't want to lose Lindsey either ) and told me to 
listen, then he began to sing the song. when he was done the first time, he 
had me start singing, and i couldn't get the lyrics right... of course, i 
was only about seven years old at the time, and Lindsey about eleven. he 
was very kind, and thoughtful, if i recall correctly. i miss him, too. they 
sung Poor Little Lambs, when someone was afraid, or in trouble they could 
not handle, Lindsey. when they knew times were dark, they turned on the 
light. just like they should. i had a reminder of this when i was twelve, 
in a dream. i am now twenty-six years old, and hadn't learned of your 
existence until i was about twenty-three... i guess we were put in 
different places after events were reordered... if only i hadn't have 
messed with time, things would be better, much better. chaos theory is 
definitely law, from what has been seen. when one event changes, all others 
past that point change, causing an alternate reality ( or other universe ), 
just like one can predict. definitely need to fix this loop in time, as 
well...
         Mr. Link﻿preferably i'd rather tell tales of home, than of war, if my home was a 
good home... at least the home i have here is a good, moral, and beneficial 
place to be. in the other place i felt like nothing, and i wasn't confident 
enough to rule... because mercy wasn't allowed; the concept i cherish most 
above all else, even freedom. may the God of this universe reign for 
eternity, for He IS merciful, very unlike my old man, for the deity of my 
universe calls himself the "King", and is, too, destructive to my 
friends... and knows no truth; and i cherish truth very much... and i 
especially cherish love. yeah... we should be learning from the Lord and 
Savior, Jesus Christ, who is all truthful, and ever extends His hand to 
help and to welcome us to God's love, praise be to them. forever. Amen.
         Mr. Link﻿after another restless night, it's good to have something like Don't Cry 
and other inspiring music heard and sung. sometime we'll be able to fix the 
mistakes we've made, including the continuum problem. until then, we just 
need to hold on to the journeys end, just like the song says. perhaps time 
will reorder properly if we just ride out the storm? but i am not sure it's 
that simple myself, though. sometime i ought to remember we are enough to 
God, even if we think we've messed up so much that we may say in our 
hearts, " i need another chance, for i have not done enough good!" seems 
like the last few times i died, i thought this, and it lead to more trouble 
with time loops. we must learn that when to stop is before it hurts, and 
you cannot do anything about it... " you need to let go, and let God do the 
rest, " like my Mom says sometimes... good common sense.
         Mr. Link﻿Good wholesome music, soothing to the troubled heart, as usual. The Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir always invites the spirit into the home. Elements was a 
good choice, and Poor Little Lambs is one to never forget, too. Sometimes 
it seems like I cannot get off the front lines myself... but that is 
because of troubles with certain events, as time seems to reorder over and 
over, as well as fighting wars for freedom and rights... I don't remember 
how many times this has happened, but it is getting tiring, and harder to 
remember everything... at least the LDS church still stands. But I miss my 
friends that I keep on losing... perhaps this time we should find a way to 
fix the loop in the continuum, which must be a top priority. This music 
livens up everything although this is going on. May God be with us all that 
His love and mercy ever are upon. Love y'all.
         Mr. Link﻿ES UNA  GRAN BENDICION QUE SEAN MORMONES﻿My heart is full...listening to this wonderful choir.  Thank you.﻿yes!!WONDER shön,,iam fan tabernacle chor,,,﻿Wonderful! Sooooo magic!﻿Such a wonderful experience﻿Lindsey Stirling, você é maravilhosa e gosto muito do seu estilo, sou seu 
Fã. Att Paulo Roberto﻿lastima que no seas mormón, porque así sabrías realmente por que 
disfrutamos tanto lo que predicamos.﻿It's been a while since i heard this, but oh my god it is so touching when 
Lindsey played "Poor Little Lambs" (33:00), along with the wonderful speech 
she had before playing it! When she talked my heart just melted... i had to 
shed a few tears. It's so nice to see Lindsey playing in this "classical 
invironment" as well﻿noten que el 90% son de 40 años hasta los 60 más o menos, en este período 
es cuando la voz para cantar está ya madura, sobre todo en los hombres.﻿espectacular, son perfectos musicalmente hablando, son profesionales, 
lástima que sean mormones.﻿I'm sorry but she really does an excellent job at looking like a complete 
fool.﻿You guys rock, you always make my day Thanks.I know right?Yeah, funny thing is that I'm actually being serious. I've had a crush on 
Lindsey since Christmas 2011.The music is wonderful, and uplifting. Lindsey didn't do herself justice during this performance, it's true. But 
that's just because she was adjusting to a new venue and new arrangements 
of her songs. I've seen her live, and the whole concert she didn't miss a 
single note. Bravo to all!!!Nathan bravissimo!!! Lindsey should practise harder or give up dancing 
around(They did one in 2007 called "Showtime! Music of Broadway and Hollywood":Pleeeeeeeeease get Lindsey as a guest for the Xmas devotional that would be 
awesome!!!!!!! huh? I just gained mooooooooooooore!!!yeah, she was at home, it was a privilege. Check out her own words: RT 
"Lindsey Stirling ‏- 21 Jul 'This was the most amazing performance of my 
life with @mormontabchoir and @officialnathanpacheco' "0:57:16 ♪♫ Come, come, ye saints, no toil nor labor fear, But with joy wend 
your way. Though hard to you this journey may appear, Grace shall be as 
your day. ♫♪ ... All is Well, all is well... SO COMFORTING!Makes us thrilled that we are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints.wow! awesome = D28:18 <- Its Lindsey Time ;D Prendi I Miei Sogni... WowThe part of Lindsey playing "Elements" was BEAUTIFUL, amazing arranged!! 
But my only comentary is that her violin was barely hearable, it was very 
low and I almost couldn't hear it in some parts :( it would be even more 
awesome if the volumen would sounded a little more higher :( nevertheless, 
an AMAZING CONCERT. As a Catholic person, I really admired this concert. 
Very, very well performed. Congratulations Mormon Tabernacle Choir!! A huge 
hug from Mexico.I get why we celebrate our pioneers with beautiful music. Music carried 
them through grief, hunger, fear, and pain. It brought them hope and 
refreshed their faith. The music fills the soul And softens strife and pain 
The spirit lifts us whole As love and joy we gainI got here from skyrim?Just lost respect for Lindsey. What a joke.I was able to attend this concert! To the Choir, Orchestra, Lindsey, and 
Nathan, BRAVO! I absolutely enjoyed it!! Music is a huge part of my life, 
so I am grateful that I was able to attend. Oh, and shout out to the flutes 
and piccolo, you were awesome (:what's a mormon O-oThe white shirts and ties along with the businessman persona with the men 
has to go. As much as I try to enjoy this music, the persona of these men 
is absolutely appalling.Amazing!! Is there anywhere on web a place I can go to and find the weekly broadcast 
of Music and the Spoken Word? I live in Australia and we don't get it on tv 
here. On the MOTAB YouTube site, posting of the weekly broadcast has been 
random at best. It's broadcast live.... can it please be posted immediately 
thereafter each week? Thank you.Lindsey is the best!! :DGreat! you are not the only on i know her ex boyfriend...but i'm not sure that will help much ;P One of the best concerts I've been to. Both Nathan and Lindsey are full of 
talent. was this for free or did you need tickets to get in? any ways. by far the 
coolest rendition of lindsyes song. EVERAh elements is my favorite, then shadows, and then the halo medley.Where are you from dude? :)great performance very well done wish the choir would do a broadway album i 
would love to hear it What adorable girl Lindsey is!!Seriously, I need to find a way to get a date with this pretty little lady. 
I could only wish. amazing Lindsey, I am sure that your grandfather was as moved by this as anyone, if 
not more. He must be very proud of you. That was beautiful.I'm speechless. This was truly amazing. Lindsey, Nathan, everybody in the 
Choir, the orchestra, the intro people, I loved everything. It was perfect. 
Thank you all for making this happen. Beautiful. hey what can I say, Mormons enjoy zombies too, even Lindsey Stirling made a 
music video with zombies in it. I know why Nathan said that he was “moved to tears” by the magnificent Mo 
Tab Choir and incredible Orchestra on Temple Square. At 15:00 when the 
Nathan performs “Prendi I Miel Sogni” and at 28:30 when Lindsey performs 
“Elements” with the Choir and Orchestra, it sounded like the kind of music 
that permeates our Heavenly Courts on High. My soul was touched to its 
deepest creases and I was uplifted toward heaven. This Choir and Orchestra 
are our modern day heavenly hosts praising God and mankind.The Tocatta from Symphonie Concertante for Organ by Joseph Jongen was 
absolutely amazing. I loved the rest of the concert was as well, but that 
thing blew me away! It starts @50:18S'il vous plait en Français. Please in french The incredible and handsome Nathan. Wonderful!Thank you Jhonattan! The link to the Spanish version is in the description. 
We hope you enjoy the show!please in spanish There are members on every corner of interests and passions. LOL Yeah it 
seems strange, especially on a page like this. :-)Such a smorgasbord of talent tonight! Lindsey, you were amazing. Nathan was 
amazing. Richard Elliot. Wow! Such mad organ skills! Thrilling! And, of 
course, our beloved Mormon Tabernacle Choir always dazzles! Come Thou Fount 
of Every Blessing was a great way to top off the concert. Great work all of 
you, and thank you!All is well <3Simplesmente ma-ra-vi-lho-so! What a Wonderful Day Like Today! Specially 
having these amazing presentations! Wonderful talents ! =)POR FAVOR EN ESPAÑOL Sign up here: .mormon [dot] org/missionariesFantastic concert! I loved the choices of music and the incredible 
performances.If you've scrolled down here wondering what's ahead, then I think that you 
should hear it all, but be sure to look at the screen for 30 seconds after 
34:22 and for 20 seconds after 106:43. If you have time, then I suggest 
watching it all!Well done Nathan, a standing ovation, you couldn't have asked for more than 
that :)go to this site mormon.orgA great concert, top notch performances from Lindsey, Nathan and the 
choir/orchestra. AwesomeI almost cried when they sang come thou fount of every blessing. That hymn 
was my Mission song, it brings back so many fond memories of a place that I 
still consider in my heart to be home.Ein unbeschreiblicher Hochgenbuss! Tausend Dank, dass wir via Internet die 
Möglichkeit haben, daran teilzunmehmen!Lindsey is a Mormon, she wasn't out of place at all.Yes sir. I served a good two year mission myself in Washington State. 
Something that I'll never forget. I'll never forget the people either. It 
was a hard mission but also an amazing one.Magic Concert! I love Lindsey cuz she really combines the raditional with 
the modern! Lindsey i love you cuz i do the same with my music and my 
personality. Yeah! SREAD THE LINDSEY LOVE!OUAOU!!!This coming from mr resident EVIL fan? xD hahahaha Lindsey was on the stage for very little time...Wish she was playing 
longer.I left when she left...I was there - on the lower balcony front row near the center, a little far 
away but the large screens helped. It was an outstanding concert and well 
worth seeing. Thanks to a friend of Lindsey!sad to say not really the right arena Lindsey she did good but seemed out 
of place, Strange Choir is all i can say about that overly large and seemed 
to be underutilized group I want to take Lindsey Stirling to the temple, She is definitely a special 
lady.You need to first have the missionaries come by and teach you for about 2 
weeks and then get baptized. Ready.....Set......GO!I loved the whole thing. I loved Nathan Pacheco especially "Don'tCry" 10:10 
"Prendi i miei sogni" 15:02absolute beautifulLindsey looks like she is wearing something Madonna would have worn in the 
'80s.He's as good as billed. Similar to another great tenor? She is better than 
billed.Oh my. Nessum Dorma.. amazingly done!I thought Lindsey's last number was the best. It had more of an energetic 
feel. She was smiling and jumping around the stage a little more like in 
her Ytube vids. Congrats Lindsey on living another dream!Lucky. If you believe in that kind of thing.. perhaps.. blessed. ;) Still, 
I wish I could've gone. You could always ask for the missionaries to come to teach you. :) 
mormon.orgThen Mormon.org is for you.I WAS THERE! :D It was so great!Nvm it was 28:30What time did Lindsey came in.?oh Lindsey ... eres genial!Real music indeed. Very inspiring and a heavenly songs. Thank you for the 
authors, singers and Mormon tabernacle choir. 