They forgot the trinity part. That is one of the best parts.﻿bonita versión de este solemne himno.﻿Beautiful.﻿The way that the Mormons sing this Christian hymn is disgusting and 
disgraceful. They are omitting "God in three persons, blessed Trinity" with 
their own words based on their twisted and psychotic religious beliefs. 
Mormons are not Christians and the vast majority of the American people 
know this, no matter how hard the Mormons try to convince us otherwise.﻿I thank my Heavenly Father and my Heavenly Mother for this amazing 
performance. Well done.﻿Once I’ve got Jesus  in my  heart I’ve got something at my  center I can 
talk about. I don’t even have to think . I can blurt it out. We all have a 
desire to spill our guts. If you’ve got Jesus in your guts, what you’re 
spilling is beautiful﻿Why the change from the author's original words? Do the words " God in 
three persons, blessed Trinity", not reflect LDS theology. If that is the 
case, it is no wonder what the LDS church is labeled a cult. Orthodox 
Christians must affirm the Trinity.﻿百聴不厭，此曲只有天上有。﻿i love you all. How i wish l could be part of this amazing choir﻿Epic!!! You're the best Orchestra I've ever seen!!!﻿Beautiful!! That is how the heavenly choir is singing. If possible, I am 
sure, even more beautiful!﻿I can tell this video has no dislikes because it's sacred.﻿As a boy raised in the Lutheran church while in the Junior Choir I sang 
this wonderful reminder every Sunday morning as we marched into the church. 
At the 11AM service my father sang the same song as he marched with the 
Senior choir. St Johns Lutheran Church in Des Moines. In the 50's under 
Kenny Kerfeller.﻿I grew up Presbyterian too and this is one of my most fave hymns. I still 
sing it with "God in three persons, blessed trinity."Either way, one of the main points of monotheistic faiths does ring true, 
that we give thanks and praise to God for everything for everything is 
because of God's Glory. It sounded unusual to me too, but I like variety.Back in the 80's when I was a new member of the LDS church, I found a MoTab 
album in the basement of an old 2nd hand record store. The album was 
entitled "Rock of Ages" When I went to pay for it, the guy behind the till 
said "that's not Rock and Roll" "Ya I know". I guess I didn't look like 
someone who would buy a religious recording. I still have it in my LP 
collection. I have to say the choir's sound has changed a lot since then. 
Way more somber back then This is one of my choices of all hymns.Oh Lyric of Love, half angel and 
half bird. All the pure wonders of a wild desire. "Holy, holy, holy, lord 
god almighty. My adorotations and praised are abundantly in awe. Dr. Vernon"theology suffers immeasurably." Not if you're a non-trinitarian. The LDS 
Church does not believe in the "trinity" but they believe absolutely in 
God. I am Unitarian in my thinking, but I still can see this hymn as a 
powerful statement of praise to God. The LDS Church apparently believes the 
same way. What difference does it make? I believe that the point in the 
whole matter is to give praise to God, and the MTC does so beautifully in 
this video.Beautiful ! Theres no one out there that can sing it better than the Mormon 
Choir ! And there is three of them ! God The Father ,His Son Jesus Christ 
And The Holy Ghost ! They Work As One ! \Wish they'd record O Master Let Me Walk With Thee. Trinity? Three in one or 
three separate, there are still three. What's all the fuss?That is indeed correct.Thanks for the answer. That is just amazing. shame, shame, shame for altering the original words! "God in Three Persons-Blessed Trinity." Is it lost on them that "Holy, 
Holy.Holy" three times applies to the Trinity? Their singing is wonderful 
but theology suffers immeasurably.That's the tuning slide. He had to reset for the climax chord.Graças te damos Pai por estes hino maravilhoso 09/08/2013El Coro del tabernáculo es espectacular, nos dejan con un espíritu muy 
elevado This is just a blessing and inspiration to our heart. I know this hymn from 
long ago but never heard an arrangement so amazing like this one. As I use 
to say to many people that those old hymns never will dye and never will be 
forgotten among those great sons of the church. By the way, at 2:03 min. 
the player of the bass tuba make some moving with the left hand in the tuba 
pipes which is just great but I don't know how is that called. Can someone 
tell me how is that called?LINDO! SANTO,SANTO,SANTO É O SENHOR, O TODO-PODEROSO, QUE ERA, É E HÁ DE 
VIR.What a great greeting to the lord almighty, Beautifully sungLovely. The Council of Nicea attempted to define the Trinity.Thank-you so much This is a very common hymn sung in the Methodist 
denomination in Fiji Magnificent and very emotional... blessings Praise be 
to GOD You should post a correction. This hymn was indeed written by John B. Dykes 
for Trinity Sunday in the Church of England. These are his words: Holy, 
Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty! Early in the morning our song shall rise to 
Thee; Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty! God in Three Persons, blessed 
Trinity! The LDS faith doesn't believe in the Trinity, and therefore the 
words have been altered: It is now! Music and the Spoken word can be found here here on YouTube! 
Just search for "Music and the Spoken Word". You'll find it! Unul dintre cele mai frumoase coruri vazute de mine pana la ora actuala 
Sunt de-a dreptul fascinat Heh. The first time I was listening to one of my FIL's MoTab albums and 
heard "Holy, Holy, Holy" come on, which I'm very familiar with, having 
grown up Presbyterian, I was like, "How are they going to get around the 
fact that this is one of the most famous trinitarian hymns in all of 
Protestant English hymnody?" "Oh. That's how." LOL. Still sounds odd to me.Thank you. Wish you would put MUSIC AND THE SPOKEN WORD also on Youtube.Love this! This is one of my all time favorites from the "God of Our 
Fathers" that came out I think in 1970. Back in the Richard 
Condie/Alexander Schreiner era. Thanks for releasing these videos. I don't 
have recording capability and my job prevents and life circumstances don't 
seem to coordinate well with the schedule of "Music and the Spoken Word." 
Thanks again for posting this. I really love the choir and organ sound and 
it's really nice to hear it again. May God Bless! 3