Great hymn.. Great voice.﻿What a lyric tenor voice. Can you add a Pavarotti high C to this piece!﻿Warm and peaceful singing with great focus and calm inspiration.﻿A great Solo!﻿Esse hino é simplesmente maravilhoso!﻿Nothing is more wonderful than hearing a choir and a very good singer 
singing this awesome Christian music.  The words speak volumes and and the 
music angelic. I used to accompany my father on the piano with this song.  
he was a fabulous baritone.  This tenor  has a beautiful voice and the 
choir is super.﻿This a beautiful emotional performance by Stanford Olsen﻿Inspiring and beautifully sang.﻿This was my Grandmothers favorite!﻿JERUSALEM CIUDAD SANTA﻿captivating﻿I always listen to this great hymn/song around Christmas. Love it.﻿Look, I am about as religious as a Coke bottle but this is truly an 
inspirational and stunning performance. In short, great art.﻿Stanford Olson and MO Tab brought me to tears today! It was so beautiful! 
Thank you!!!﻿Stunning!﻿This is absolutely thrilling.  How Mr. Olsen can sing this and keep his 
emotions under control is amazing.﻿IS FB BLOCKING BECAUSE OF THE SONG ABOUT JERUSALEM?﻿Jerusalem is called Hiruharama in the Maori language and is in many 
localities in new Zealand. Thank you God for the gospel of Jesus Christ in 
song
  ﻿beautiful!!!!﻿Looking forward that Holy city.﻿My high school choir teacher used to sing this.  It brought back a flood of 
memories!﻿This may be the most beautiful expression of the human voice ever. Every 
time I hear it, I am transported into the ethereal realm!﻿Outstanding!!!!﻿I am not a Mormon but l like this music. Always loved them all my life . 
born 1941 to presentIt's supposed to be operatic schmaltz. That's the way it was written.He's singing it with an operatic voice -- rather contrived. Sorry, but I 
prefer more simplicity and deep emotion -- almost a speaking voice."Music, the greatest good that mortals know And all of heaven we have hear 
below." Joseph Addison "Lift me up to the heaven of holiness...." 
Baha'u'llah Thank you Stanford Olsen and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir! A classic favorite Oh the joy that comes to me when I hear this 
arrangement. beautifullES HERMOSO EL PODER COMPARTIR EL CORTO CELESTIAL, QUE CONMUEVE HASTA LAS 
LAGRIMAS, GRACIAS. 10,612 current views showing and I'm sure I'm 10,600 of them. I love this 
song and the Spirit that it brings to my soul.the two people who gave the thumbs down must have no soul.......ANOTHER ONE OF THE GREAT PIECES OF MUSIC,AND SUNG BEAUTIFULLY.Magnificnet music. No other music beats this - wonderful, wonderfulWONDERFUL WONDERFUL,WONDERFUL!Wonderful!All time favorite! Amazing tenor singing an amazing hymn. Very smooth and sweet voice. God 
bless you OlsenCertainly one of the best interpretations ever !!All christians know or must know this praise, Im 52 and I have known it 
since my childhood, and have lifted my soul since then, Praise the Lord, I 
know it in spanish too. what a blessing.What a solo voice! So refined and crystal clear.