Que puedo dicir espectacular maravillosso
Gracias  Mormom Tabernacle choir desde brasil﻿Once again Nathan --  your amazing voice is just stunning! Thank you again 
for sharing your amazing gift.  ﻿MARAVILHOSO E INSPIRADOR!!! 👏👏👏
OBRIGADO!!!﻿I am moved by the singer, the surroundings and the beautiful words.﻿Un baryton à la voix exceptionnelle. Super ! A baritone with an exceptional 
voice. Super !Lloyd NewellLloyd new said the English translation is called take my dreams.Lindo lindo, que melodia fantástica, coro esplêndido ParabénsI too would like to know the English translation of this beautiful song. 
However, the language in which Nathan sings it is very beautiful and moving 
and touches my heart and I'm so happy I found it here so I could book mark. 
I lost the Concert version eventually. We are all dying to hear more of 
Nathan's voice. I've taken to plugging into Yanni's Voices music so I can 
hear more of him. He is Fantastic.If you love the song like I do, Nathan has translated the song into 
English!!..You could find it here on You Tube!....A young PaverottiI would love to know the translation for this song. I was driving home last 
Sunday when I heard it on "Music and the Spoken Word". I took a deep breath 
in and when I released it, tears just came from my eyes. That has only 
happened a handful of times in my life...Thank You.Wow.... Absolutely amazing. Music really can take you places. "Take My 
Dreams." This song is brand new. If you watch the full version of this broadcast he 
says his friend just wrote it and it was the first time it had been 
performed (Colin wrote the choir part specifically for MoTab). I assume the 
lyrics will be along soon. It was incredible live. He stole the show. Beautiful and uplifting! Excellent voice, that I want to listen again and 
again...goes deep into the heart.does anyone have the words to this song I love it!!does anyone know what the words to this song means? I would love it if I 
could know what it means in English thanks :)BEAUTIFUL does anyone know where i could get translation of this song? I love it!! BEAUTIFUL!Of all the Choir performances I've heard, this was my favorite concert. I 
hope that Lindsey Stirling and Nathan Pacheco enjoyed it as much as we 
enjoyed watching it! this is by far one of my favorite ones I have heard him sing I love this 
one but I would love to know what he is saying in English :)