beautiful. I love the song going home. Alex is the perfect voice. Well 
done. Yes I am buying.﻿Beautiful Song, Beautiful voice.  everybody just enjoy the music my God.﻿j'aime encore et encore﻿There are no colors to divide men !
One's Spiritual value, makes THE difference !﻿Wy didn't he sing this song on "America's Got Talent" instead of "Uptown 
Funk." Too close to "religion"?﻿This song brings me so much peace. BEAUTIFUL!!!﻿By the way.....Isn't  this just the beginning of Summer, 2015?  I'm not 
trying to be rude... But I'm so disappointed with this use of a Choir 
member and his talent to promote AN ALBUM he doesn't even sing on.  I'm 
very aware of how beautiful the Choir is.  I enjoy a great deal of their 
music.  But I think it's neglectful of your Dept. to omit that  Choir 
soloists and guest vocalists do not appear on the recordings that are 
available for sale.  I believe we need to be above reproach with all we 
do.  Especially since Alex Boye does so many POMO'S for the Choir. Please 
don't exploit his talent!﻿I know the choir sings it on the recent album.  I have it.   However, he 
sang this  on episode 4182. That aired January, 17th, 2010.  So why did you 
splice this DVD to the most recent Spirit of America.  If you look at his 
clothes..... They match the other choir members.    Hmmmmmm!﻿I don't think it's honest to feature Alex Boye (Who is a member of the 
choir, and NOT a Guest vocalist) on this Spirit of America album......AND 
he's not on the album! 
 I thought we Mormons believed in TRUTH IN ADVERTIZING!!!﻿Reading the comments below I learned the performer (solo) is Alex Boye - 
and a little about him. I wish him well. The performance touched me deeply. 
I love the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra on Temple Square. I 
hesitate to name "favorites but this is one of them and also Peace Like a 
River. Beautiful. Bart Derby﻿"Wide awake, with a smile, going on and on. " I love you and miss you, Dad. 
Til we meet again. . .﻿Definitely a wonderful wonderful choir...top notch in every way!!!!!﻿Souviens-toi, mon enfant...thanks for this music!﻿This is such a Beautiful piece!  Gosh, gives me goose bumps!﻿Noble Hwang... it is Alex Boye Performing. Enjoy!﻿He reminds me of Alex Boye.... If that's Alex Boye, I'm going to be quite 
flustered﻿There are no words.

﻿This is lovely.  Glad to see black persons participating given what I 
always heard about blacks and the LDS Church as a young person.  Just an 
observation - history does shift things. ﻿From Dvorak's New World Symphony!﻿Now THAT is how it's done. Period. WHAT a GREAT Performance !﻿Is this a published arrangement?  If so, who is the arranger?﻿ You should hear libera sing this song. ﻿Expected to see Mitt Romney singing the second verse.﻿Beautiful song!  Here's the lyrics, (obtained from - Wikisource)

Goin' home, goin' home, I'm a goin' home;
Quiet-like, some still day, I'm jes' goin' home.
It's not far, jes' close by,
Through an open door;
Work all done, care laid by,
Goin' to fear no more.
Mother's there 'spectin' me,
Father's waitin' too;
Lots o' folk gather'd there,
All the friends I knew,
All the friends I knew.
Home, I'm goin' home!

Nothin lost, all's gain,
No more fret nor pain,
No more stumblin' on the way,
No more longin' for the day,
Goin' to roam no more!
Mornin' star lights the way,
Res'less dream all done;
Shadows gone, break o' day,
Real life jes' begun.
There's no break, there's no end,
Jes' a livin' on;
Wide awake, with a smile
Goin' on and on.

Goin' home, goin' home, I'm jes' goin' home,
goin' home, goin' home, goin' home!﻿Simply wonderful!﻿Merveilleux ! C'est un donc, chanté...﻿Excellent Alex! you are my hero and BRAVO to the most powerful choir on 
earth. Awesome!!!!﻿Of all the Choirs great hymns this is the one---- most,most moving.﻿