"A Saudade dos preciosos momentos que tiveram... inspirada pelo Silêncio e 
pela sublime música... dignos de eterna memória... na certeza de serem 
protagonistas da TRANSFORMAÇÃO do destino de quem os guarda em suas mentes 
e em seus corações..." (12ª Perspectiva da Plenitude Humanista)﻿Tesoro de las Americas﻿"God Bless America" in this version was re-introduced by Kate Smith on her 
radio show befor WW2 went into full swing, and was a very popular anthem. 
It was a reassuring and resolute call to all American's, much needed in 
this country then. We were in the process of changing our collective mind 
about the hostile tyrannts forcing themselves on many nations of the world 
at that time.
Up until 9/11 this country seemed to have nearly forgotten what cost 
freedom has, and how many enemies of it still abound in the world! 
Peaceful Co-existance. Peace amoung men and nations.
It is not free when it must be re-aquired, and comes with a great cost.

America can not be allowed to forget that our Founding Documents rely 
completely on remaining a Moral and Religious Society.
Dozens of the founders made a point of illustrating that simple fact in 
writting.
Far to many of Todays 'leaders' are NOT leading U.S. in the Founders 
Footsteps.

BTW. For the nit pickers who take exception to that on various grounds, you 
don't necessarily need a religious affiliation to have a moral compass. 
Just the intestinal fortitude to do unto others as you would have them do 
unto you.
To do the right thing simply because it is the right thing to do.

God Has Blessed America, PRAY we don't ever loose his approval.﻿Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.﻿What a beautiful tribute you have provided to our memories of that tragic 
day and the spirit of strength that fills us in the aftermath. Thanks to 
you all.﻿I can't help but cry every time I watch this video.  The combination of 
narration, music and video is truly heart wrenching.  I remember seeing the 
events of that day and the days following.  It's incomprehensible to think 
of all of those people who lost their lives and the families and friends of 
those touched by them.  I used to teach school(high school), and I couldn't 
believe that I had to reprimand students who refused to stand for the 
Pledge of Allegiance.  It made me feel anger and sorrow at the same time.  
What happened to those children to make them think that they didn't owe 
thanks for their freedom to someone that came before them? ﻿Beautiful video and music !
Best wishes,
Alain﻿