I sang it with a small church choir that doesn't compare to this. Still, I 
couldn't sing. All I could do was cry and move my mouth. It was amazing to 
be part of it. It still makes me cry. I am further impressed that they are 
not using music.﻿I am simply disgusted that the audience is not standing for this rendition. 
Have they no respect?﻿All we need now is Lenard Cohn's Hallelujah from this choir and I am happy. 
:)﻿when teen titans go ends﻿♡♡♡♡ PRAISES TO ♡♡♡♡
THE LORD﻿I'm not a handel freakI like Mozart﻿Satan loves repetition﻿podrian orar a dios por mi jose ivonne y luis﻿This song plays when I hop off the bus from school <3 <3
Especially when it's summer! :D﻿Even though a Christian Orthodox, I have to give it to these Mormon 
Choristers.. Their voices are pure heaven and take the celebration of 
Christmas to another level!
Congratulations to all involved in this video. God Bless!﻿in my mind, this with ode to joy the two best pieces ever composed.﻿all I know is that I wish I still had a clarinet. I would get myself into 
the orchestra for my fellow LDS MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR. I MISS MY FRIENDS 
THERE THAT ARE IN THE CHOIR. WHAT A MOST AWESOME AND WONDERFUL HUMBLE 
BLESSING. EVEN TO BE THERE SHARING THE HUMILITY, TO GET TO HEAR AND LISTEN 
TO THE CHOIR LIFTING THEY'RE ANGELIC VOCALS UNTO THE LORD﻿Halleluyah!﻿Most powerful delivery. Bless the Lord my soul, amen.﻿BRAVO....TEN TIME OVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  SPECTACULAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿OMG...AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿omg there black people I thought Mormons hate blacks didn't they say the 
have the mark of cain﻿conducted by an outstanding conductor﻿God himself must be happy and forgive s us
magnificent choir﻿Lovely ﻿Absolutely stunning. I love it. Praise the Lord.﻿This song plays in my head every Friday at 5 p.m.﻿when I am inpain, discouraged and blue, when  I see the power of the devil 
louder than god's absence (psalms 72 -Asaph) I listen to this and some of 
the older hymns (SE Samonte channel old hymns) I get hope.  I also get 
angry at the stupid non Christian world and the "modern" church that loves 
Christian pop and rock music.  This, THIS is true inspiration!  I don't 
want to hear a long haired beach dressed man sing a song with his mediocre 
song and a country guitar.﻿Too nasal in king of kings section by the ladies. ﻿The Spiritual King of the Earth ...﻿On their first greatest Hits album, the choir does a number called "Holy 
Holy Holy."  It blows me away!  Would someone please add it to the YouTube 
video list?  I don't have the wherewithal.
The Hallelujah Chorus has to be on the top 10 list of the greatest songs 
ever composed.  And it's more an Easter hymn than Christmas.﻿I wonder how many people who think this is a holy song know that Handel had 
to go to England after he wrote it because the people of mainland Europe 
considered Messiah to be blasphemous.  They considered it to be much like 
many of us today think of rap music.  But the British LOVED it and Handel.﻿Who on earth would not like this?﻿Mormon Tabernacle Choir is fantastic........incomparable.﻿Muito boa musica de inspiraçao crista!﻿All words from the Book of Revelation﻿White folks gospel music. Nice though.﻿THIS IS MY JAM ﻿Have you ever seen such goodlooking folks?.﻿only amazing﻿love this song, May God bless u all :)﻿I don't know, but theirs really is the most stirring version! It's almost 
like Handel wrote this for the MTC to sing it in the 20th/ 21st century. I 
love this piece dearly! If there ever was a musical version of the heavens 
opening and the Holy Spirit descending...﻿+mary chais Praising God isn't and shouldn't be a competition. ﻿“But let them apostatize, and they will become gray-haired, wrinkled, and 
black, just like the Devil" (Brigham Young, Journal of Discourses, vol. 5, 
p. 332

FOR THE LORD GOD OMNIPOTENT REIGNS---JESUS WILL RETURN FOR US WITH WRINKLED 
BLACK SKINS ALSO DESPITE YOUR  INITIAL BIGOTED BELIEFS﻿“Mary pondered all these things in her heart.”  Quiet, happy spirit, weigh 
in your heart the grand truth of God that Jesus was born at Bethlehem.  
Immanuel, God with us – weigh it if you can!  Look at it again and again!  
Examine the varied facets of this priceless brilliant diamond and bless, 
and adore and love and wonder, and yet adore again this matchless miracle 
of love!”  (Charles Spurgeon)﻿Always So beautiful!!!﻿This made me cry so much! King of Kings and Lord of Lords....so amazing!!﻿how beautiful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks to the Redeemer for all mankind.﻿You must stand when you hear this in live concert.  I am trying to learn 
this on my 12-string guitar.﻿The Mormon have everyone's number!! Ancestry !  How?﻿Thanks to our long ago ancestors for the invention of music.﻿Händel is one of the greatest ﻿Handel simboliza o Natal!  Mormon Tabernacle Choir,é a consagração do 
NATAL!!﻿Absolutely beautiful.﻿Thanks for making this available.  I'm a clear-eyed unapologetic atheist 
but I enjoy the season and its traditions as much as anyone.  I like my 
Christmas music done right-- and no one does it better than the Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir.  What a collection of talent!﻿While listening to this magnificent choir singing praises to my Lord, Jesus 
Christ, I had chills running up and down my spine....my heart and soul 
resonated with love for Him...thank you!﻿