yes we love the song Amazing Grace﻿very beautifull !!!﻿GRACE !!!!!!!!﻿Over a period of years, I have collected more than a dozen great 
performances of this simple but sublime song. When I noticed that Mack 
Wilberg and the MTC had done a new arrangement, of course I had to add it 
to the lineup. The first time I hit the play button, I was completely 
unprepared for what I heard. This arrangement discovers simple beauties in 
the song which, but for the genius of Dr. Wilberg, might never have been 
heard. 

If it were possible for humankind to adopt an anthem that conveys the very 
best of what it means to be a humane being, I think it might be this song, 
and indeed, this arrangement by this remarkable ensemble of musicians. To 
this day, I can't listen to this once without rewinding, and listening to 
it again (at least once more !;). It fills my mind and heart with pure joy. 

And just in case there are any who think this music and these lyrics are 
only for Christians, I was raised Episcopalian, but left long ago, and have 
been what I describe as a "compassionate Atheist" for the last 50 years of 
my life. I just hope people who visit this YouTube site, come away with an 
appreciation for the great gift the Mormon Church has bestowed on mankind 
in the person if it's choir.﻿God bless America !﻿Amazing grace! How sweet the sound

That saved a wretch like me.

I once was lost, but now am found,

Was blind, but now I see.



The Lord has promised good to me 

His word my hope secures; 

He will my shield and portion be, 

As long as life endures.



Yea, when this flesh and heart shall fail, 

and mortal life shall cease, 

I shall possess within the veil, 

A life of joy and peace



When we've been here ten thousand years

Bright shining as the sun.

We've no less days to sing God's praise

Than when we've first begun.



We've no less days to sing God's praise

Than when we've first begun.

Begun, begun, begun, begun, begun﻿soy catolico, pero la música. mormona me conmueve el corazón y me eleva el 
espíritu.﻿Just like The New Apostolic Church ... Wonderful﻿Funny to see...
Women: From blond to red to brown to black hair
Men: From Black to grey to bald.

Owyeah, great cover/song :)﻿Beautiful!﻿LOVE THIS CHOIR SO MUCH!! CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT﻿Of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, his was the most human!﻿Of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, his was the 
most...human.﻿a sing written by John newton an ex slave trader amazing grace how sweet he 
sound that saved a wretch like me..﻿Are these Mormans from the North Ire Scots.....﻿The worlds most beautiful music...rejoice and believe in it!!!!! End of 
comments, REJOICE in it!!!!﻿Has anyone else, ever wondered why these Mormans and some of the Quakers 
sing such a Prespertarian Hymn??  Does anyone think that these guys are the 
decendents of the Ulster Scots??????   Please post questions...﻿Such a Beautiful,Inspiring performance of one of the World's greatest 
Hymnal Songs,with breath-taking scenery.Wow!﻿enorme !!!!!!!!!!!!﻿MAY god be with You Katie I agree entirely﻿I AGREE﻿I wish Christians would stop in-fighting with one another. Sure, we may all 
see things differently, but our duty in life is to be like Christ; helping 
those in need, being kind, responsible citizens, and respecting people of 
other faiths, beliefs etc. Every person should have the basic principles of 
kindness, acceptance, and helping others whenever possible. Easier said 
than done sometimes, I know, but if everyone did this, whether they be 
Christian, atheist, Jewish, Taoist, Shinto etc. we wouldn't have a good 
chunk of the problems we have.﻿Amazing Grace is a Christian hymn published in 1779, with words written by 
the English poet and clergyman John Newton (1725–1807). The melody is 
Scottish. So not an American Folk Hymn! But a song that is beautiful in any 
of the numerous versions!﻿And the scientists laugh at the idea of God. Poor souls, untouched by God.﻿Great back drop to a favorite song of mine﻿2:43 Alex Boye? ﻿The video is a beautiful rendition of the love of Christ for all of us.﻿Amaizing﻿Mormon Tabernacle Choir, the best choir in the whole world !!!!﻿Amazing grace! (how sweet the sound)
That sav'd a wretch like me!
I once was lost, but now am found,
Was blind, but now I see.

'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear,
And grace my fears reliev'd;
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believ'd!

Thro' many dangers, toils, and snares,
I have already come;
'Tis grace hath brought me safe thus far,
And grace will lead me home.

The Lord has promis'd good to me,
His word my hope secures;
He will my shield and portion be
As long as life endures.

Yes, when this flesh and heart shall fail,
And mortal life shall cease;
I shall possess, within the veil,
A life of joy and peace.

The earth shall soon dissolve like snow,
The sun forbear to shine;
But God, who call'd me here below,
Will be forever mine.﻿Comparisons can be misleading, but I suggest to others that they listen to 
the Judy Collins rendition of this favorite hymn. She sings, completely a 
cappella with - I believe, very hard to get accurate information about it - 
the combined choirs of military academies. Could someone verify or correct 
that?﻿amazing!!﻿All the members of the Tabernacle Choir have to audition and they are not 
paid for their services, like almost every other position in the Church. I 
am Scottish so the bagpipes I also take pride in. Also known as America's 
choir.﻿So, I must confess that I have tried,... truly, genuinely tried,... for 
years,... to like the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. I really, really have. 

Unfortunately, I must confess with all due respect that, musically 
speaking, they just don't do it for me. It's wonderful that so many 
appreciate their arrangements and their sound,... but I'm too much of a 
Choir of King's College type of guy. 

:/﻿I never cared for this song until I heard this version. The bagpipes I find 
annoying, but here they have almost been eliminated.﻿like God's voice... amazing heaven song﻿Just beautiful!  The choir gives me such peace.﻿Thanks for posting﻿The Great Highland Pipes almost made me shed a tear at the beginning! I 
could feel the Spirit and pride in my heritage at the same time!﻿Bellísimo!!!! sin palabras﻿OMG﻿Wonderful !﻿This was a great song & great Tabernacle Choir.﻿lindo﻿What a beautiful song! and amazing version﻿"Amazing Grace" is a Christian hymn published in 1779, with words written 
by the English poet and clergyman John Newton (1725–1807).This is a very 
good version of it brilliant pipes ﻿Thank you so much for sharing this beautiful song and lovely land and water 
views in Scotland….having traveled to Scotland with my late husband several 
times and having honored his request to have the bagpipe play Amazing Grace 
at his funeral services 10 years ago in March 2005 this has touched me 
deeply today 3/4/15. I Praise our God for His creation and for the gifts 
and talents in music He has given your Choir.﻿Amazing Grace...Yes It's True...And Two Thumbs to Mormon Tebernacle 
Choir...Wooww a mazing voices..﻿No fan of the Mormon church or their positions on many social issues, but 
their choir is first-rate and this is an exceptional rendition of one of my 
favorite songs. Well done folks. ﻿Nice and beautifully done. Just love it﻿Felicitaciones, que excelente presentacion.Feliz 2015﻿BLESSED BE THE LORD, THAT CREATED MAN FOR HIS PRAISE.﻿Beautiful!!! Wonderful!!!
You are such wonderful People!!﻿bag pipes﻿Miraculous acoustics for outdoors! No sign of microphones or orchestra, and 
with the wonderful reverberations commonly found in auditoriums or 
churches. How do they pull off that musical magic? It defies physics.

This video may qualify for a world record in the 'Multiple Lip-sync' 
category.﻿thank you Mormon Tabernacle Choir :)
i hope too see you soon, <3
Christ be with you :)﻿Titanic's theme is absolutely based on this! No matter what James Horner 
says, he definitely inspired his Titanic from this!﻿God is so amazing. All the good in this world is because He has blessed us 
and He is so good to us. He truly is the meaning of Amazing Grace. God 
bless you all! ﻿truly amazing!﻿Awww, heck...I went ahead and cried.  This is quite moving.﻿Thank you. That was glorious !!!﻿Is there some type of organ in that song?﻿