Потрясающе!﻿Amazing :))﻿La mejor combinación, con la violinista más hermosa del mundo y las 
celestiales voces del coro del tabernáculo mormón...﻿que precioso esta﻿Amazing﻿I think they should've made Lindsey's violin stand out a bit more...﻿Yay, lindsey stirling is in this video. great job.:)﻿Elements (orchestral version) with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir?? EPIC!!!!﻿Lindsey isn't in the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.. She worked with them for 
this occasion! However she is a Mormon!This performance changed my life. Had a crush on Lindsey since I heard this 
song in person.I bet the Concertmaster is jealous. He's not the star :PGoose bumps EVERY TIME.I shed a tear. this is stunning and gorgeous beyond explanationmagistral interpretación con el coro del tabernáculo mormon, hace que nos 
transportemos a otro mundo!!By and far one of the most beautiful performances that I have ever heard 
from Sister Stirling. Keep up the good work! I was there! I wish they'd make an album of this concert.Lindsey genial \\*0*//Love the special effect of fog. If I was a part of audio visual I'd 
probably add falling snow to showcase more elements of nature.Pure beauty. Love this!!That's simply beautiful <3<3It says in the banner that Sam Cardon did the orchestrationi like your melody....! The way she dances while playing, the sound of the Choir, the sound of her 
music sets the setting or sends your imagination on an adventure through a 
mystical forest of the unknown where anything can happen. It's so graceful 
and it really helps if your feeling sad or hurt. Thank you Lindsey Stirling 
for healing us with your music of pure beauty.This is so amazing !! I Love It !! <333Yeah + Amazing acoustics there too!If you boo hoo'd watching this.. you really need to see the end of this 
show from the full 1+ hr version.. here is the link to add after youtube 
(dot) com watch?v=147iWpAAdYg&t=1h10m4sHer family is part of the LDS ~ Mormons, I personally think it is reflected 
in her demeanour and positivity all the time. Now this is Something .........Very Nice !SOOOO PERFECT!!! I CRYING XDme too!!!!!!!!!no words... what can I say... EPIC, Phenomenal, Stupendous!!!!! and so 
on... Very cool arrangement & skills. I'm afraid the mist messed up her tuning 
though...or something...it keeps going flat :(She's fantastic ...absolutely fantastic! I love Lindsey Stirling forever!!! 
:D <3 The Mormon Tabernacle Choir is incredible to. The combination is just 
phenomenal!! What?! I didn't know she is in Mormon Tabernacle Choir and love that 
combination, choir and violin Absolutley amazing.amazing i want to be able to go to the Morman tabernacle i the only problem 
it the plane tickets! love you lindsey!<3 I absolutely love this version of the song.MY JAW DROPPED!! Go Lindsey!!Is a pleasure listen to you lindseyI really enjoyed this! Such a great arrangement for Lindsey and the choir. 
Well done!I agree:) Love your profile pic, btw ;DThe most pure tone ever heard in the performing of Elements. Wow.. I like this version.. So much.I like this version... Classic..al. And who said the MoTab was boring to listen to?? I love this!This sounds like a the soundtrack to a movie. Lindsey, would you ever 
consider providing the score for a movie or doing more of your songs with 
orchestral and choral accompaniment? I also noticed the tempo is a little 
slower than your original version, I like it.This was breathtaking. Loved it, loved it!! Best Concert everI TRULY love Lindsey and I think she's phenomenal.. Don't get me wrong but 
moving this much while preforming will lead to losing track with the song 
and missing some notes!! Im a huge fan of her songs btw.. Love xxQue cosa mas hermosa!! Amo al Coro del tabernaculo y Lindsey S. :D I prefer this version over the dubstep version! EXXXXXXXCELLLLLLLLEEEEENNNNTTTTTTTTAwesome!!!!This is amazing. I was shocked when I first saw Elements and MoTab. I never 
would have thought they would be so beautiful.Lindsey Stirling is simply Wonderful! I loved the entire concert. Lindsey's energy is rejuvenating! Absolutely gorgeous!! I loved it so much!! Wonderful performance!!! :Dwow that's epic!This was amazing. I'm so glad this version is available.Wow , I can feel goosebumps in my body when i hear this , AmazingLindsey Stirling! :) So fun! I think it is so amazing that Motab is playing 
one of her songs with her! The choir is really stretching their boundaries 
of what they are willing to perform. 