Truly inspiring. Thanks for sharing.﻿I thought Bob Crunch was responding as a member of the creative team of 
this video, until I clicked on his name and realized he is not. I don't 
mind that we disagree, but Bob is dramatically opinionated on many topics, 
and commits several logical fallacies, primarily overgeneralization, 
labelling, and guilt by association. So I withdraw from any further 
discussion with him.﻿I think it's foolish for any man to name an activity of war as "doing the 
Lord's work." God's work will proceed, with or without man's participation. 
Hundreds of ways "His work" can be fulfilled. I don't presume to know (or 
say) that one side of a war is God's work. And certainly not with the 
conditional "hopefully" as a weasel-word.﻿I meant my great grandfather﻿That song is powerful even with footage of WW2 my grandfather was in the 
battle of the bulge.﻿The song she wrote was close to my heart the first time I heard it, it was 
popular on both sides of the war.﻿I am troubled by the editing of the video: "These are my people...gentle 
folks" pictured with union soldiers at war."His truth is marching on" sung 
by the men of the choir pictured with union soldiers. "Glory, glory" chorus 
pictured with a huge cemetery of gravestones. Am I to associate the Union 
army with God's work?﻿What is the name of the g-g-g-grandson, and why isn't he identified in the 
video?﻿I loved this whole family history program. My family has a copy of it and 
it's more touching every time. I have a little pill box that belonged to my 
own great-great-great grandmother. This makes me want to know her so badly.﻿Julia Ward Howe and Samuel Gridley Howe are the embodiment of everything to 
strive. I also am a GGG Grandson of JWH. I only wish that modern directors 
would leave the song alone and do the whole piece and leave the wording as 
original. The most powerful section of the song looses part of the message 
with the substitution of die vs. live. The example of JWH as the individual 
in this video relates does in fact drive my passion towards liberty and 
justice.﻿A história por trás de (aqui conhecido como:) "Gloria, Gloria Aleluia"

História muito bonita. ﻿