Divino,Espetacular,Sensacional,Celestial,só Deus é capaz de algo assim!﻿If the way be full of trial, weary not;
If it's one of sore denial, weary not;
If it now be one of weeping,
There will come a joyous greeting,
When the harvest we are reaping, weary not.

Chorus:
Do not weary by the way,
Whatever be thy lot.
There awaits a brighter day
To all, to all who weary not.

If the way be one of sorrow, weary not;
Happiness will be the morrow, weary not;
Here we suffer tribulation,
Here we must endure temptation,
But there'll come a great salvation, weary not. 

Chorus:

If misfortune overtakes us, weary not;
Jesus never will forsake us, weary not;
He will leave us never, never...
From His love there's naught can sever,
Glory to the Lamb forever, weary not.

Chorus:﻿Someone asked about the Spanish version.  It's "Si a via es penosa" and is 
No. 67 in the Spanish Hymn Book (Himnos).﻿on of my favs in my own language Samoan﻿This is still in the Spanish hymnbook but most English speaking members 
have never heard it. Great message.﻿Today I was struggling with a health issue in my life that many times make 
me sad.
I have this health issue since my teen age and now I am 63.
God blessed me and this song touched my heart when I paid attention to the 
words saying : IF THE WAY BE FULL OF TRIAL, WEARY NOT ........
Believe me,it seems that all the words of the entire song was talking to me.
I had tears coming from my eyes and I praised GOD for HIS message through 
the MTC. Thanks for this song, it was a blessing to me.﻿I am the only Mormon in my town, it gets lonely but a missionary friend of 
mine sent this hymn to me to encourage me, God bless you Elder Jensen, it 
worked.  Dennis﻿Great advice: "Weary not!" ﻿one of my favourite hymns. always comforts me when things are not going 
well in my life.and with a message and voices like that,who wouldnt be 
lifted up spiritually. i love our choir.﻿Mormon Tabernacle Choir is the best choir in the world. Amazing.﻿LOVE THIS .....brings me to tears of JOY!!!! GOO IS GOOD!I give thanks to GOD for a choir that can bring hymns that can bring joy 
and good message to my heart my heart. This is my favorite choir. I was a little girl living back home in New Zealand when my Dad's sister 
taught my siblings and I this song in Samoan. Can you imagine the 
excitement of my heart when I heard the choir sing this song during General 
Conference?? 38 year later, I still remembered the song and joyfully sang 
along with the choir., This year and always, it will my remembrance of my 
Dad who passed away in April 2013. I can still hear his sweet voice 
reminding me, daily, to "never weary on life's trials." This is the perfect song to cheer up one who is down. I wish that this hymn 
were in our hymn books. I looked for it and could not find it. I hope that 
the Church will include in all future editions of the hymn books.this is Wonderful,I felt like I AM at a wonderful concert.in my old age 
this music has made me feel WONDERFUL,THANK YOU.VirginiaWilliamsIn our Tongan hymn book page 308. I can just hear by angelic mother Luisa 
who is not stranger to trials find comfort and teaching us young children 
the message of this wonderful hymn. Often time we find ourselves singing 
our own harmony and it was a delight to be able to make this a family song. 
This arrangement by Mack Wilberg is so superb it touches our hearts and 
caused us to endure well to the end. My family and I have taken hold of this hymn as we struggle with health and 
other issues and it is just superb!This is one of my very favorite hymns which I memorized and sang as a boy. 
Originally published in the Church's "Deseret Sunday School Songs" hymn 
#158. Sadly, it is no longer in subsequent LDS hymnals. The Choir's 
beautiful rendition is truly inspirational. Mack Wilberg's arrangement is 
superb. Wish our local choirs could have a copy of this compelling hymn as 
arranged by him.no....thank you for sharing! grew up listening to the MTC since I was kid 
....there is beautiful Temple in OAKLAND.LOVE the Mormon Choir since I was a Kid.....even though I'm Catholic! LOVE 
THIS SONG......THANK YOU!Hace que mi piel se enchine..!! Me encanta escucharlos..=) It is the first time that I hear this song with The Choir. The song is just 
touching. The conductor have a special gift to maintain choral and 
orchestra under a very precise harmony . Thanks for posting this video.I needed to hear this today. How is it that I can always find the words God 
would have me hear if I listen to you sing? Because you sing with the 
Spirit attending you. Thank you for your faithfulness and dedication.I heard this for the first time at President Monson's birthday celebration, 
and at instantly became one of my favorite hymns. Thank you for sharing!