I wish Mormons would accept that Jesus was the flesh of the only God and 
not brother or literal son of any, none before him and none shall come 
after.  He is God in flesh completing the work of God.  Not one of the god 
sons of God almighty, but the almighty himself, in mortal form.  You will 
not be saved by believing in multiple god's or demigods.﻿They should have used a tenor that could have sung the high notes with 
brilliance.  The whole thing was quite uninspiring.﻿To me,Terfel sounds rather rather gruff and imperious here. I would suggest 
he listen to the recording by Tennessee Ernie ford singing this one with a 
chorus before he does it again.﻿Soberano e eterno Deus,quão grande és Tu!﻿Terfel is one of the wonders of the singing world.﻿To Mr. John P.  You won't have to worry about Maistro Terfel's job 
plospects.  He is continuing to tour all around the world,  Singing 
recitals, Master classes, and oh yeah, being invited to the Metropolitan 
Opera, the Paris Opera, the La Scala Opera, Sydney Opera House, Her 
Majesty's Royal Opera House, Vienna Opera House, the German Opera House, 
The Kennedy Center, and our hometown, the Metropolitan Opera house in New 
York City.  This concert was a one-off for him, probably planned during a 
flight from the Met to Australia.  You'd be lucky to be a shoe shiner for 
this great man!  Oh yeah, he's also been awarded Elizabeth II, the 
prestigious "Order of the British Empire"  So Mr. John P., I think he's 
good on the employment front.  You, however need to go back to your 4th 
grade music appreciation class before you, start critiquing 
artists like Mr. Terfel    SMH﻿Channeling Elvis. ﻿The usually hirsute Mr. Terfel must have had to clean up for this gig! 
Hehehe!﻿No, he's Welsh. :)Welsh is he German?gryffwn: If you really are Welsh, you ought to know that Bryn Terfel Jones 
is the best Welsh product since coal. Besides having the most beautiful 
voice in recorded history, he support Welsh culture and music like no one 
before, and his gifts to his country are the reasons for honorary degrees 
(the hardest ones to get) and the CBE.gryffwn: Mr Terfel has several other jobs around the world in the greatest 
opera/recital houses. He is the world's leading bass/baritone and commands 
respect and love everywhere he performs. Listen several times to his 
rendition and you will come to appreciate him even more. That he would come 
and sing with MTC is a great honor to Mac Wilberg etal. Oh my word, I love Bryn and the MTC. I'd never heard this performance 
before now and it was absolutely exquisite. I cannot say enough great 
things about Mr. Terfel.I've seen Bryn sing Falstaff, Wotan, and How Great Thou Art !! Now there's 
diversity. Like the Choir, itself, he never fails to please. I was 
fortunate to be in the Tabernacle during the Mother's Day broadcast. The 
atmosphere was electric. Beautiful experience.the BEST and FINEST CHOIR in the WORLD.love the choir, absolutely love the humn but the soloist must get aniother 
job! NOW! I LOVE THE CHOIR, I LOVE THIS VOICE OF BRYN TERFEL