Faaanntastik!!!﻿beautiful, but they really did not put the choir to "good use" here...﻿This is one of my favourite opera numbers This person has a beautiful 
voice.I always get emotional when I here this﻿He is a very light tenor, this song has always been done by the more 
dramatic tenors, i.e.: Luciano Pavarotti, Placid Domingo, etc.﻿I wish that the genre known as popera would die a quick death, so we would 
be spared the sound of these pop singers trying to sing opera arias.  
Please leave opera to opera singers.﻿Every time I listen to music like this it brings tears and goosebumps! Just 
wonderful! ﻿Une voix venue du ciel !﻿Great performance. ;)﻿Maravilhoso!!! Sem palavras!!!﻿Pacheco can bring it.﻿Excellent performance by Mr. Pacheco and the Choir.  BUT nothing tops the 
interpretation of this Puccini aria than the one and only late Luciano 
Pavarotti. Listen to both back to back and you'll see what I mean. 
 Resonance!!﻿Bravo, the whole performance﻿Philippines Vincero! Wish This Great Voices will Visit Us.﻿Amazing.  I love it.﻿Molta buona volontà.﻿Is it my imagination, or did the Choir not bother learning the words for 
the three lines they sing here?﻿This morman rocks the house!I am very impressed ! I love this singer ++++. I was not able to hear this 
song by none other than Pavarotti. Wonderful !Absolutely incredible.My favorite part is watching all the enamored women behind him.BRAVISSIMO!!!!!! Warm greetings from Russiathis one was so beautiful and I love the way he performs it!So beautiful. This is my favorite Puccini piece.Most Excellent!Bad singer... Is Puccini!! and he is singing like an American Idol way.. 
But the Choir was EXCELENT as alwaysWOWWWWWW those last few notes gave me chills .......... In fact the whole 
performance was incredible!! Thank you for bringing us such beautiful music!This was my favorite number of the entire concert. I tried to get tickets, 
but the demand was so great that I couldn't. So I watched it live on the 
website. That was a GREAT idea! So many more of us could enjoy it that way! 
Thank you for doing that for us! Simplemente exelscior