Wonderful music. But I wonder why they always nerf the trombones? Even with 
just brass accompaniment you can barely hear them.﻿Poignant and moving, but... something is not quite right about this choir's 
version. I swear there are two important joining verses that are missing; 
I've gone back to the hymn book of my school years to read it through. The 
hymn sung by the choir also seems much longer with verses omitted. ﻿I came here expecting Def Leppard...﻿You are right Fonzi, Mormons don't worship a cross, they worship Christ and 
His Father Jehovah (God). When they baptize people, they do it in the name 
of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit...not in the name 
of the cross.

They also focus on Christ's atonement and resurrection, not his grisly 
death.﻿AND BY THE WAY, YOU WILL NEVER SEE A CROSS IN THE MORMON CHURCH, THEY DO 
NOT BELIEVE IN THE CROSS...............﻿I am sorry that you are a part of a false religion.......they do not 
believe in the trinity, and do not believe that JESUS CHRIST IS GOD THE 
SON , AND IF YOU DONT BELIEVE THIS, YOU ARE DOOMED TO AN ETERNITY OF 
BLACKNESS WITHOUT CHRIST..... ﻿Love this hymn. beautiful.Amazing. Thanks for share the message of this hymn.  I love this song.. and the choir is my favorite too, <3 Thank you for uploading this video. I really enjoyed it when it was on 
Music and the Spoken Word a few weeks ago.Amen!Rocha Eterna . . .Beautiful HynmI find it interesting that they left out the two middle verses. Here are 
the missing verses. Not the labors of my hands can fulfill thy law's 
commands; could my zeal no respite know, could my tears forever flow, all 
for sin could not atone; thou must save, and thou alone. Nothing in my hand 
I bring, simply to the cross I cling; naked, come to thee for dress; 
helpless, look to thee for grace; foul, I to the fountain fly; wash me, 
Savior, or I die. Romans 4:5, Ephesians 2:8-9Que nuestro Padre celestial los bendiga queridos hermanos. Beautiful thank you !they are very much in unison.Hermoso!Someday maybe Def Leppard will sing this hymn with the Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir. However, the only lyrics that are the same out of either song are 
"rock of ages."