LOVE the bells. Something you do not hear often. Even in my home church, 
they play great, the youth, and senior bell choirs, but do not play often.

We have a great music ministry, the problem is, we all practice to much, 
and not play/sing enough.

I mean the music ministry practices weather sing, or play, from end of 
August to end of May, and the 55 member senior choir signs like Easter, 
Christmas Day, and two other Sundays, same with Bell Choirs.

The Youth Choir sings one Sunday just before Christmas and Easter for our 
Youth Cantata, that takes up most of the 2 services, and that is it. Plus 
the services are so packed, there is not even no standing room even.

To much practicing, and not enough performing.

We had one organ concert, when they enlarged the pipe organ 25 years ago 
from 19 ranks, to 44 ranks, the church was packed. Never had one again. 

I have suggested we perform more, and the whole music ministry wanted to do 
something every weekend, but it was voted down.

I just do not get it. My church is full of stewardship, but when it comes 
to the music ministry, we pack the Church, but they do not want to change 
nothing, and it was voted down, This was decided by the board of directors. 

The thing is, it does not cost the church any more money, if we perform 
every weekend, and the whole music ministry and music director all agree 
with me.

What do you suggest we do to sing and perform more, have choir and organ 
concerts, etc? How can we get the board of directors to change their mind? 
We are not allowed to present this problem to the congregation unless the 
board of directors agree to have a members meeting.

Do not get me wrong, my church is great, but for some reason, the board 
does not want organ or choir concerts at all.

Makes me question things at the same time. If the members pack the church 
at concerts, and services we sing/play, why not? They always do collections 
and they always collect more in a concert then they do services. The 
members should be able to call a members meeting over the board of 
directors decisions. Right?


We have the largest church in America in our denomination out of 1,000's of 
other churches with over 5,000 members. and they wonder why,we only get 
around 2,500 members per weekend during the winter months, and less in the 
summer months..


Any suggestions?﻿