Now thats a true Hero.﻿its sad that this DOESN'T make michelle Obama proud?﻿I never could stand brokaw's lisp﻿Inspiring!﻿What a wonderful country we live in little Charlie sneed a lot of people 
cared about the little red headed g

Guy on Jones Dale court all so look at your pic brings back lots of 
memories back of all the kids I watched grow up there a great story allways 
liked Tom Brokaw good anchor great story teller love all you guys Helen 
Batson﻿I wish we all could live together in PEACE, what a world it could be and 
would be!!﻿Beautiful story﻿I'm half German and half American and have watched this Video now 5 or 6 
times and each time I cry my heart out because it touches me so deeply and 
is done so wonderfully by the MTC. I especially love how they sing in 
German in the first part, that just does it for me and the tears start 
flowing. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing this lovely 
christmas story and for doing such a wonderful job of putting it on stage. 
I hope everybody who sees this is inspired by Gail Halvorsen's remarkable 
actions and does their own part to make the world a better place.﻿This story truly reveals the true American spirit.  It's what America has 
always been about.  Helping those less fortunate has always been a hallmark 
of American ideals.  But our inherent goodness has been hijacked.  Today 
we're not helping the poor by throwing money at them.  We're not building a 
great country or society by confiscating the wealth of those that risk, 
sacrifice, and toil to feed an over-bloated, wasteful, obscene government. 
 We will not continue to be great by enabling the most irresponsible among 
us to continue their evil, lazy, corrupt, and selfish ways at the expense 
of those that are responsible.  Today, liberals would have us all believe 
America is racist, bigoted, and the source of all evil in the world.  They 
want our kids to believe America's greatness was STOLEN from the poor. 
 They won't even allow the economic principles that made the USA the 
greatest country in the history of mankind (i.e. capitalism) to be taught 
to our children in public schools.  They won't allow the real history of 
the founding of our nation to be taught to our young.   Today the only 
thing our kids are taught about Washington, Jefferson, and Madison is that 
they were slave owners!  They are NOT taught about the brilliance, courage, 
and integrity of these great men.  How could we NOT be divided when 1/2 the 
population wants to LOOT the other 1/2?    Socialism and Liberty cannot 
coexist.  Socialist are never satisfied.  They cannot accept or tolerate 
free individuals, private property rights, or decentralized government 
(i.e. State's rights) and therefore, must be defeated at all costs.     ﻿Myself & my entire family over several years enjoyed the privelege of 
visiting the Tabernacle  The Mormon Choir are sensational. The Organ at the 
tabernacle was built by an Australian  The setting & acoustics are 
sensational. The message of the Candy Man is an everlasting tribute to the 
real spirit of Christmas  Happy New Year to all﻿amo la musica del Coro del Tabernaculo Mormon,me trae mucho gozo, y 
paz.....!!!﻿What a wonderful piece of world history.﻿How awesome: I never heard about this story.  All it ever takes is for one 
to start to bring change and to give from the heart.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir was also awesome.  Thank you forsharing he 
truth of the real Christmas.  Christ is the reason it is u to each of us to 
do as HE did for each andevery one of us if we choose to accept HIM.  John 
3:16 Ask Him to your heart to day. The only way to life is eternal is Jesus 
Christ ( Yahushus Messiah.   Merry Christmas and Happy Blessed New Year﻿As only the Mormon Tabernacle Choir could deliver with absolute 
perfection!!!
My parents - Dad is 93, WW2 Naval Aviator "Pacific Theater" and Mom is 91 - 
a "WW2 USO Gal", was so moved to see this marvelous production it brought 
tears to the whole family. Thank you for remembering those who have 
sacrificed so much for so many. Let us not forget those serving worldwide 
now and in the past this 2014 holiday season.     ﻿So touching!﻿On my first Christmas in the Army and stationed in Berlin I volunteered to 
spend Christmas at a Berlin Orphanage. I was sat at a table with 8 children 
and at my spot was also two sticks of gum cut into 4 chunks each. We were 
told to hand out the chunks of gum and then the Candy Bomber story was 
spoken in both English and German. Now after 38 years I got to hear it 
again.﻿absolutely love this﻿It's a shame that this only happens once every few decades... people have 
gotten so hateful and divided.﻿Awesome story!!!﻿The best Christmas true story that I have ever heard. Thankyou.﻿what a great story , and puts a tear in the eye too﻿Thank you. I am old enough to remember those days (as a boy in UK). Thank 
you for this heart warming (and tear jerking) story.﻿today needs so badly moments like this story recounts
mankind never learns what to do with greatness
too much greed and hatered ﻿I've heard of this story before but this was very touching and made me cry 
:') have blessed and merry Christmas season everyone!﻿I wish the only bombs in the world were Halvorsen's kind.﻿no one can pull off spectacle and pure drama like the mormon tabernacle 
choir at christmas.  the snow and the parachutes and the underscoring and 
the falling fabric screen are home runs.﻿