some have strayed, some have followed﻿I heard Elvis Presley sing this wonderfull song and it realy had an impact 
on me. He put the power and emotion into it which I now hear from this 
amazing choir. I have heard several people attempt to do this amazing piece 
of music justice over the last 30 years and only you and Elvis have moved 
me to tears.﻿Why even mention it- you don't have to be a Mormon to enjoy this music﻿♡♡♡ YES IM A MORMON ♡♡♡
YES IM PROUD TO
BE ONE I KNOW 
GOD IS MY SAVIOR﻿Wow, this song draws the spirit closer to me.﻿Jesus Bless You!﻿So lovely.﻿He is greater than the greatest..His name is Jesus Christ...﻿I am not a Mormon but I am very appreciative of this choir.﻿Come O Holy Ghost Creator come and free all God's Churches and God's people 
from all sinful and division.﻿O Lord my God, When I in awesome wonder,
Consider all the worlds Thy Hands have made;
I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder,
Thy power throughout the universe displayed.

Chorus:
Then sings my soul, My Saviour God, to Thee,
How great Thou art, How great Thou art.
Then sings my soul, My Saviour God, to Thee,
How great Thou art, How great Thou art!

Verse #2
When through the woods, and forest glades I wander,
And hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees.
When I look down, from lofty mountain grandeur
And see the brook, and feel the gentle breeze.

Chorus:
Then sings my soul, My Saviour God, to Thee,
How great Thou art, How great Thou art.
Then sings my soul, My Saviour God, to Thee,
How great Thou art, How great Thou art!

Verse #3
And when I think, that God, His Son not sparing;
Sent Him to die, I scarce can take it in;
That on the Cross, my burden gladly bearing,
He bled and died to take away my sin.

Chorus:
Then sings my soul, My Saviour God, to Thee,
How great Thou art, How great Thou art.
Then sings my soul, My Saviour God, to Thee,
How great Thou art, How great Thou art!

Verse #4
When Christ shall come, with shout of acclamation,
And take me home, what joy shall fill my heart.
Then I shall bow, in humble adoration,
And then proclaim: "My God, how great Thou art!"

Chorus:
Then sings my soul, My Saviour God, to Thee,
How great Thou art, How great Thou art.
Then sings my soul, My Saviour God, to Thee,
How great Thou art, How great Thou art!﻿beautiful﻿Sanctify this place with Thy word O Lord and we will give You praise and 
honour.﻿Jesus is God and come in the flesh.﻿Is this CeCe Winans?﻿Listen While you are thinking how good it is to have a family in good 
health. Love them where they are. God loves us even when we are not 
thinking of Him. I have a great love for the Book of Mormon, and the King 
James Version of the Bible, and Jesus Christ. He loves me when I am weak 
and thinking of that it makes me stronger. He is my light in all ways.﻿I will always think of my grandma with this wonderful song... it was one of 
the pieces we used in her funeral in 2013, my mother suggested it and how 
my grandma loved this song. It's a beautiful song that will still bring 
tears to my eyes as I think of her and remember her but I know that I'll 
see her again. Until then I will keep singing for her. ^^﻿I am not mormon, but I admire this choir!﻿Just beautiful..I'm not Mormon but always loved the Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir. Love to all my brethren in Christ.﻿Beautiful too to tribute Elvis ...... i miss you ELVIS **********﻿Beautiful too to tribute Elvis ...... i miss you ELVIS  ************﻿My Heart is at Peace. ~`♥`~ ﻿ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! I love listening to this choir and orchestra! A dream 
of mine is to someday play the cello in this orchestra.﻿Wonderful hymn!﻿Absolutely wonderful﻿Al escuchar este himno, me da una paz inmensa. Soy feliz. Padre perdón, por 
no valor y la inmensidad de tu grandeza. Perdón, por ofenderte. Dame fuerza 
para hacer tu voluntad.﻿Your voices are wonderful. When I listen this chorus I fell peace and happy 
for long time. My favorite is How Great thou Art! Congratulations!﻿UN GRAN HIMNO ME MANTUBO SIEMPRE FIRMES ENGRANDECIO MI ESPIRITU﻿I listen to one and then another one...Mormon Tabernacle Choir is so 
beautiful. Thank you for sharing this wonderful music. It warms my soul.﻿This is the tune for the "Horst Wessel Lied."﻿Superb performance as if they knew God and our Savior Jesus Christ for 
real. Only Jesús Saves Acts 4:12﻿The Mormon Tabernacle Choir is the best.﻿So Beautiful!﻿Uno de mis himnos favoritos﻿This choir make my knees weak....when I listen to them, it feels like I'm 
in Heaven already, one of my biggest wishes before I die is to see the 
choir singing live.﻿What beautiful music.﻿In the 1960's we were told we could not sing this song in the chapel 
because it as a Protestant song and they were all part of The Church of the 
Devil.﻿Awesome!﻿A video like this is so refreshing and inspirational with all the negatives 
in todays news.  I try to listen to something like this at least once every 
day just to make me realize how great, yes how great it is to be alive in 
God''s great world. I have been blessed to have have beautiful children, a 
loving wife and all in all a good life, thank you for this beautiful music.﻿Su adoración es magnifica aunque su doctrina este torcida ﻿No sé... lo hacen bien, pero.... ¿No sobran unos cuantos cantantes?... Por 
qué ese empeño de que canten todos los mormones juntos? Es demasiado... 
creo﻿Glory to the new born King..the real joy to the world.﻿This is my favorite song ever "HOW GREAT THOU ART"﻿Such a special song. It makes me love the Lord even more!﻿Great !!!﻿One of my favorite hymns, so beautifully done. My favorite vocal 
group---the Mormon Tabernacle Choir! Please accept an apology from a 
non-Mormon here for the atrocious and sick offenses to your religion (and 
to God) by "The Book of Mormon" so-called "musical" touring the country.﻿Always amazing to listen to.﻿HOW COULD PEOPLE TUMB DOWN THE CHOIR , thats is so sad open your heart! 
Jesus loves you!﻿One of my favorite hymn. Its anointing song. Don't stop﻿I remember hearing a few hymns from the MTC on a classical music FM radio 
station, and a TV special during xmas in the 1980s. Occasionally, I would 
see Mormon missionaries on their bicycles when driving my car or during 
work days as a truck driver on the road. I never knew much about their 
strange beliefs other than what I had heard from the media. Then again I 
wasn't into religion at all. But I did enjoy hearing the wonderful music 
from the MTC.﻿HOW GREAT THOU ART, ALL THE CREATION TESTIFIED WHO IS GOD!!! I am so 
glad!!! I love this song ﻿Brilliant if you read the story about how the song writer was inspired to 
write this song﻿Beautiful. God blessings be on you. God lives and loves you! I can testify to that! He is real and His power is 
real. Just beautifulHow so?Wonderfulthat one line says it all "my GOD how great thou art"My thoughts exactly not tears in a sad way eitherGOD is great. and perfect. I am PROUD to be a Mormon :)how gr8 is our God...wt a beautiful song So soul touching the women really work in this you need to listenThe women need some work.beautiful song. dude we are all worthy at some point. Just Keep asking for forgiveness and 
keep pushing towards perfection. No one is perfect immediately we just work 
towards it. A wonderful choir - outstanding - and a gift to all of us. Wonderful!I love!!!my lord is great and my grandpapa i miss you [shane ] MY LORD..HOW GREAT THY ART.BEAUTIFULLY SUNG. WHAT A GREAT MODERN PIECE OF MUSICAmém.world greatest choir.. I LOVE this song :) I think the Mormon tabernacle choir is real great.Oh ! what a great & inspiring hymn written by Stuart K.Hine, I listen to it 
almost each night before my sleep,the hymns' album was produced by Billy 
Ray Hearn. But when I first listen to MOTAB musical arrangement of this 
hymn, I immediately searching your site hoping to purchase the CD album, 
you are awesome! Hallelujah! praise be to the Lord on high ! Musical perfection. Not a note out of place. Not. A. One. :wipes tear:Beautiful, beautiful...moved to tears every time I hear the MTC.Beautiful, iam sure there's lots of hours spent in performance practice