What people don't see is what happens between songs, where kids are forced 
by their parents to sit through hour long talks from old men about how you 
shouldn't touch yourself.﻿they did so GREAT﻿watching this in September XD﻿Beautiful work!!!﻿What is that instrument called @ 00:54 ?﻿Would anyone know if these Christmas performances are for those that are 
Mormon only or can anyone see them? I'd love to go but cant find any info 
on it.﻿lastima que son mormones u.u﻿"Mark it; the church that the world loves best; God hates most"...Charles 
Spurgeon﻿Very hard to hear the words because of the tempo.....﻿my favorite Christmas song﻿Прекрасное произведение, отличное  исполнение, но в украинском  варианте 
 мелодия звучит еще  прекрасней.﻿This is amazing))  ﻿Whats the word..? Oh yeah,Beautiful.﻿Usually I find this song creepy, but actually seeing it being 
performed...chills and tears!﻿MTC I've watched your Christmas Concerts since I was a small child.  It was 
a yearly EVENT that all in my family anxiously looked forward to.  You're 
RESPLENDENT in every way... but one!  I was encouraged and positively 
THRILLED and filled with hope when you had Audra McDonald as your Special 
Guest Artist several years ago.  However, you haven't moved much further 
along now, have you?  I'll ALWAYS love you!  And I'll ALWAYS look forward 
to your Concerts.  But until you UP your diversity game, I'll NEVER BELIEVE 
you!  One can't  really proclaim to embrace spirituality while failing to 
embrace ALL enhabitants and vessels of SPIRIT; now can one!   Spirituality 
is more than a word or an idea.  It must too be action.  N'est-ce 
pas? Happy Return To Light!  You've got it in you..  I have faith!﻿Breathtakingly beautiful! Thank you one and all. Merry Christmas all.﻿Vip854, it's supposed to be the biggest pipe organ in the world!﻿This has grown on me - mainly because I now realise how difficult it must 
be to sing.  "Where do you stop to take a breath?  You don't!"﻿The emotions of the people on the top row at 2:20﻿My future institution has a Mormon chapel. I can't hardly wait to convert 
to a Mormon next year!!!!!! Yay!!!!!!!!!!!﻿Mormons ROCK!!!﻿I want to join the choir so bad!!! Does anyone know where this is at or any 
information!?!?!﻿AWESOME!!﻿Any way I can hear a high quality video of that pipe organ just by 
itself!?! My church has a million dollar pipe organ that is about 3 or 4 
stories tall, but that one is HUGE!﻿One of my favourite Christmas Songs~﻿I'VE BEEN TRYING TO FIND THIS SONG FOR FOREVER AND I FORGOT WHAT IT WAS 
CALLED THANK YOU SO MUCH ﻿EPIC!﻿The speed at which they sing, it's amazing.
And how it goes into crescendo before the "merry merry Christmas" part just 
feels so powerful! Truly one of the best.﻿very inspiring- love this!!﻿This was composed in 1904  by   Mykola Dmytrovych Leontovych Ukrainian 
composer, choral conductor, priest, and teacher of international renown. On 
Jan 23, 1921, Mykola was murdered  by Soviet state security agent Afanasy 
Grishchenko .﻿Saw one black dude and the occasional asian.﻿Carol of the Bells is my favorite Christmas song. Also I love bell choirs. 
My choir teacher in elementary school had a regular choir and a bell choir. 
I always wished I had put in the effort to be apart of the bell choir in 
addition to being in the choir. I loved to listen to the bell choir preform 
before or after us. Sometimes we even worked together.﻿Merry Christmas to all of you folks out there!~﻿This Choir is a National treasure.﻿Too fast﻿Chills... Good chills.﻿Goosebumps ﻿lindooo﻿Spectacular! Love this! :)﻿I could've had the chance to sing at a concert with them!! Ugh!! I'm so 
upset that the ACDA Honor Choir didn't pick me. (They don't know what 
they're missing!)

But I love the Mormon Tabernacle Choir!﻿Beautiful. ﻿woooooowww...﻿I would absolutely love it if they sang this and  The Messiah every year!﻿Me encanta esta época .