Incredible! So many voices come together as one. May I have permission to 
download a copy of this audio and use in a non-profit America-themed short 
video?﻿O say can you see by the dawn's early light,
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming,
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight,
O'er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming?
And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air,
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there;
O say does that star-spangled banner yet wave,
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?

On the shore dimly seen through the mists of the deep,
Where the foe's haughty host in dread silence reposes,
What is that which the breeze, o'er the towering steep,
As it fitfully blows, half conceals, half discloses?
Now it catches the gleam of the morning's first beam,
In full glory reflected now shines in the stream:
'Tis the star-spangled banner, O! long may it wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.

And where is that band who so vauntingly swore
That the havoc of war and the battle's confusion,
A home and a country, should leave us no more?
Their blood has washed out their foul footsteps' pollution.
No refuge could save the hireling and slave
From the terror of flight, or the gloom of the grave:
And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave,
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.

O thus be it ever, when freemen shall stand
Between their loved homes and the war's desolation.
Blest with vict'ry and peace, may the Heav'n rescued land
Praise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation!
Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,
And this be our motto: "In God is our trust."
And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave![12]﻿Why can't they have it like this in the Super Bowl jeeez not a diva singing 
it dramatically. ﻿Mr. Feeny 0:21﻿Beautiful!I love it.﻿This reminds me so much of that deeply moving moment during the Opening 
Ceremony of the Salt Lake Winter Olympics when the Choir performed the 
American National Anthem as the athletes carried in the flag from the World 
Trade Centre..... So poignant and inspiringl....﻿wait, what happened to the 2nd verse (last verse of the collection) from 
the original recording? ﻿Yes! A new performance of one of my favorite groups singing one of my 
favorite arrangements of one of my favorite national anthems! ﻿I love this song!﻿Why does Mack Wilberg conduct everything -- and I mean, *everything* -- too 
fast? He slows this down at the end, but the first half goes like a 33 
record played at 45 rpm. For goodness' sake, let the music breathe.﻿