This truly beautiful, and peaceful music!!﻿Inclusion vs. exclusion! The message of the Savior of all mankind?﻿Love this song, bring such a great spirit to me.﻿now I want to go to church﻿I feel the spirit of the music.  How grateful I am for the Gospel in my 
life.﻿Beautiful.﻿Very uplifting indeed, inspiring me to rejoin a church choir again
The harmonies are serene, well put together and just the quite singing I 
need. Glad to know that more choirs are appearing all over the. 
Country. I live in South Yorkshire on the edge of the Peak District, it is 
very. Pretty. J Jackson﻿IAM PROUD 2BE A LATTER-DAY SAINTS!﻿나 여호아 하나님을 찬양 합니다.그리고 터버너클 합창단을 사랑 합니다.웅장하고 장엄한 합창단의 모습은 천사의 합창 입니다.그곳을 
방문한지가 벌써 12년이 지났네요. 가끔 힘들면 당신들의 합창이 인생에 힘이되곤 합니다-감사 합니다,모두들 행복하세요 한국에서 김 진수 
형제﻿You can believe
Take ypur heart
And only do it﻿I'm an atheist, but I'm deeply moved. I wish I could believe in God or 
Christ. I can't trust anyone anymore.﻿Maravilhoso! Wonderful!﻿we are never too old to liten to these beautiful childrens songs. We all 
need to be reminded to "walk in the light" I saw myself in that boy, for 
that was me 30-35 years ago. having a physical disability, I was the one 
the kids either picked on, or stayed away frrom. But the Lord always has 
tender blessings for his children...11th Article of Faith: We claim the privilege of worshipping Almighty God 
according to the dictates of our own conscience and allow all men the same 
privilege, let them worship how, where or what they may. God bless you all, 
Thank you for the peace.Bravoooooooooooooooo, Miss Amy, BravoooooooooooooooooooooooooooBut the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, 
goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. Against such things 
there is no law. - Galatians 5:22-23The love of a caring Heavenly Father can be felt for us as we share our 
love with others as taught by this beautiful hymn.how lovely song...!! LDS Church No matter what religion you are, we can all include others more. As we do 
so, we share the love that Christ taught. We'll be walking in His light. :)That was my violin teacher and her kid!muito inspirador... what does this song do to the little boy who s being left out of the crew?!i wish there was a kid that did that for me when i was a boy in school beautiful! SOBRECOGEDOR!!! GRACIAS PADRE POR ENSEÑARNOS EL CAMINO DE LA LUZ((((((NODS))))) and help me to see others through the eyes of ChristI know that school! Ha ha! Great job, people.I love hearing their music. It makes everything around me so much brighter 
and more spiritual.Made me cry. I have felt that alone feeling. We need to teach our kids to 
be nice. 