God be with me now... I am so lost right now. My family is all gone now... 
GOD be with me...﻿Love this song!﻿My choir sung this song with sign language﻿El mejor coro del mundo mi coro del Tabernáculo.﻿"Those who pass by us, do not leave us resources, leave a little of 
themselves, lead some of us" - (Antoine de Saint-Exupéry). 
So the world turns... 

Hug...﻿With Jesus Christ, in my life I know I will never walk alone for He walks 
inside me guiding the path each day.Thank you Lord!﻿Thank you for this beautiful and dignified recording of a very special 
hymn.﻿i like this﻿A lovely choir indeed, but ugh, these arrangements need to be touched up 
upon. It's obvious that every member of this choir is vocally talented and 
can read music, so why not give them more than 3-4 part pieces? How boring. 
Yes, it's beautiful to see simple harmonies come together nicely, but think 
of what they could do with something like Revelation by Stroope, Water 
Night by Whitacre, heck, Spem in Alium by Tallis?! Now THAT would be 
something to see. ﻿an all time favorite.﻿LIVERPOOL!﻿Y.N.W.A﻿LFC Fans version is much better.. LFC all the way!!﻿Stunning - Spine Tingling ;-D﻿Awesome. +Kunle Ojedokun Watch this!﻿For all of you who want to preachy about Mormons go listen to I believe in 
Christ. That song sums up our beliefs. I pray for those wayward souls who 
lost that they may be found.﻿Once again, the majestic performance of this ensemble affirms the purity 
and power of music to transcend the common miseries and discords of human 
culture. 

Though I am a gentile, I am very grateful to the LDS Church for the freely 
given gift of their Tabernacle Choir.﻿So beautiful--- love this choir !!﻿One of  the best Choir in the world, I wish we could see them more often on 
PBS, but lately they don't have money for it. Thanks for YouTube﻿A very moving experience for this former Merseysider - especially as it 
included several close ups of Gerard, the Liverpool captain who last week 
retired (at least from Liverpool) after 707 appearances.﻿The message of the Cross of Christ is not that God will shield us from 
suffering, but that we can encounter God in our suffering, even as God has 
encountered us in human suffering. God knows our suffering. Coming into 
God's presence as sufferers, we can learn who we are, in our suffering and 
beyond suffering, and we can learn who God is, the God who suffers and the 
God who both transcends and transforms suffering﻿I don't think I have ever heard a more beautiful Choir in my life.﻿Thank you for your effort. I was very impressed by this music.﻿Scroll back up. There is nothing but religious banter in these comments.﻿You only have to hear the beautiful singing ------ Your problems and 
worries all temporarily erased and you feel like you are in HEAVEN.﻿Yes! Liverpool football club all the way!!!﻿L﻿Especially for you, Donna as you take care of your mother. Merry Christmas 
to you and your loved ones.﻿I pray that the Mormons, Roman Catholics, Jehovah Witnesses and Islam turn 
their ways to the word of God!﻿Sometimes you just have to listen to the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and cry! 
 :)﻿LIVERPOOL FC FOREVER﻿God is dead but Gerrard isn't. Viva LFC.﻿LIVERPOOL FC FOREVER!﻿goosebump. YNWA﻿My one wish is to take my daughter to Salt Lake City to attend a Concert 
and hear the Choir in all it's glory (and I'd love to hear the organ at 
full 'chat') but, it's a dream, Far away and beyond my means. I'm not a 
Mormon, but I appreciate fine beautiful music and presentation, luckily 
YouTube allow me this enjoyment ﻿Originally sung by Gerry and The Pacemakers from Liverpool, England in the 
early 60's, and is sang as a football anthem at Liverpool Football Club 
since then !. It really is a stirring tune when sung well !!!. Well done 
Mormon Tabernacle Choir !!! why would you "fear" god?This is a very known song in united kingdom sung by Liverpool fans at 
football games.. God bless the 96Who can get me the lyrics of this hymn? I want to sing along!I was waiting to for someone to say that. Great minds think alike.It is well in the Lord. Be blessed. I am not mormon, beautiful song! PTL!!!Not so.I am not Christian at all,but I love this song. I think it can apply to 
most anything, Christian or not. wonderfullI'm not religious, but this song is just amazing.Major Inspirational Video!This song brings me to the highest of Heaven MARAVILHOSO!! WANDERFULL WUNDERBER!! EXPLENDIDO!!Posting for a visiting friend: I'm 67. Have loved & listened to MTC since 
high school. But then the last time I listened to them, I had a very 
different experience—no matter how much I tried not to think about it, or 
told myself it wasn't likely people in this choir who contributed the tens 
of millions of dollars to continue my oppression as a gay man, I just 
couldn't get past it enough to enjoy the music. But today I think this song 
went a long way toward helping me put that behind me. Thanks.YNWA Liverpool!!!beautiful beautiful beautifulOnly a born again Christian can relate this song to our Caring Father and 
Our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit that dwells in us. We truly are 
never alone. " When peace like a river attendeth my soul, and sorrows like 
sea billows flow, I can say, IT IS WELL WITH MY SOUL! Thank you for the share Mannes.. It is beautiful...just WONDERFUL!!!!!!!!!! ***********Between 1954 and 1957 the most popular disc jockey in the Houston-Galveston 
area was Bill "Rascal" McCaskill. His nightly program was called "Night 
Train." He played R&B. At the end of each program, he played Roy Hamilton's 
"You'll Never Walk Alone." It was quite inspirational to all, but 
especially teens. Bill McCaskill died Sunday, June 9, 2013 at the age of 86.Hello: I just want to let you all know that this is a very nice and 
good-hearing hymn-like traditional style song. I appreciate it and I am 
thankful for all singers and musicians.YNWA..tribute to Liverpool FC!!Thank you Steve, for serving for all of us. I am so happy you made it home. 
He has special plans for you, as you are a God serving person. You will 
truly never walk alone!ANOTHER GREAT RENDITION FROM THE MORMON`S CHOIR,ONE OF THE GREAT CHOIRS OF 
THIS CENTURY.THEY WOULD BE IN THE TOP 3 IN THIS WORLD OF MUSIC AND SONG.ich wünsch euch alles guteYNWAYNWAI'm not a Mormon, but that was just beautiful. God hears all voices. Just 
listen to the words.We sung this choral selection on the night of my high school graduation and 
I cried the whole time! Great selection:)I am a true God fearing Christian. The voices,so perfect. Very true you 
will never walk alone. In the war, I sang some of these songs to myself and 
asking for forgiveness and please let me go home. He let me do just 
that.How fortunate I am to be here just for awhile. So many did not go home 
in the manner they went. God be with them.Absolutely stunning!Beautiful rendition! Inspiring and comforting for all of us! Beautiful 
voices of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir! Thank you for being there for us all 
these years, reminding us of faith,friends and family! Absolutely glorious version of this wonderful song! Thank you. One of my favorites musicals from Rogers and Hammerstein my best friend marched with scouts and is now a mormon missionary! I sent 
this to him today. his two favorite things :)Wonderfull music and a Awesome choir !! Now i know how angels sound ;-)Beatiful #96Justice for the 96Theme song for the Madison Scouts Drum Corps . Inspirational rendition and 
video. Thanks. A truly Heavenly song.....with voices to go along with it!So beautiful...fantastic version of a timeless classic Absolutely GORGEOUS!!!!Will NEVER forget the occasion in which Ariel Bybee helped immortalize this 
moving musical oration.JFT 96!My favorite choir for 70 years! How they keep that same beautiful rich 
sound decade after decade is beyond me!  I'm so glad they post new videos so often :D One day I hope to sing on 
choir with them. :)Beautiful music and visuals!I always enjoy the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. It's true though. You'll never 
walk alone! 