When I think about the pioneers and Joseph Smith this song immediately 
comes to my mind. After all the trials and persecution they endured and the 
murder of Joseph Smith they wrote this song not to mourn him but to 
celebrate his life. Sometimes I can't sing this song because I get over 
emotional at the thought of it all.﻿I wonder how God views a song that sings praises to a man, instead of 
praising Him..﻿Who is the painter?﻿History of the Church 6:408-409; “Come on! ye prosecutors! ye false 
swearers! All hell, boil over! Ye burning mountains, roll down your lava! 
for I will come out on the top at last. I have more to boast of than ever 
any man had. I am the only man that has ever been able to keep a whole 
church together since the days of Adam. A large majority of the whole have 
stood by me. Neither Paul, John, Peter, nor Jesus ever did it. I boast that 
no man ever did such a work as I. The followers of Jesus ran away from Him; 
but the Latter-day Saints never ran away from me yet.”﻿Hermoso video. Edificante para la persona que sabe y conoce la obra llevada 
a cabo por José Smith en bien de la sociedad.﻿Beautiful﻿. . . And round and round we go , where it stops God only knows !﻿No glory to any man but the man Jesus Christ Son of God who did his fathers 
will which was to make a atonement  for the sins of mankind and thereby a 
pathway to His Father for eternal life.
Christ shed His Holy Blood on a cross ( which is a curse which belongs to 
us, we are all sinners ) Christ died then as the scriptures hold true rose 
on the third day and now stands at the right hand of God the Father 
calling  all to "repent and believe"
Jesus said "I am the way, the truth and the life, no one comes unto the 
Father except through Me."

We should be careful not to elevate any man for glory for John the Baptist 
said    "He must increase but I must decrease" John 3:30﻿not mormon, but I do like their history.﻿This is my favorite hymn to date.﻿ Good song. I was wondering what praise meant in this hymn im a new 
convert. ﻿Don,t worry People I believe Soon the Savior Jesus The Christ will let us 
all know
Who are with Him and Who are not.﻿Joseph Smith III, the son of the Joseph Smith, Jr. thought the lyrics of 
this hymn were blasphemous and changed them to this:

Praise to the Lord for the great restoration
Brought by the angel to Joseph the Seer
Pleading with God in behalf of his brethren
The church to establish, the gospel declare.﻿They continue to inspire my life. The best choir ever! They are America's 
Choir.﻿Muy hermoso﻿Absolutely wonderful! Yet another Choir masterpiece.﻿I know that Joseph smith is , was , and shall ever be the Choice Seer . I 
know that through the Prophet Joseph Smith , the Gospel of Jesus Christ was 
restored upon the face of the Earth .﻿Great Upload.
Joseph Smith was tarred and feathered south of Kirtland, Ohio.
I'm from Mentor, Ohio not Kirtland by the way.﻿