Deluded people, living on a lie, Mormonism.. Just saying, but true..﻿Jesus beautifies our souls and it is through this song that we can beautify 
Him. I cannot help my eyes from shedding tears when I hear this song. May 
Our God in Heaven be Praised Forever in Jesus' name, Amen:)﻿amo al coro.. es tan bello y es como un regalo de nuestro padre celestial﻿What a shame this song ever has to end....﻿We will all one day make our way back home to our Heavenly Father. Let us 
live worthy of returning to our celestial abode!﻿This song moves me every time I listen to it. I'm singing it with the 
Turtle Creek Chorale next week, and I'm worried I'm just going to start 
crying my eyes out on stage.﻿Prayers are answered.﻿My soul feels at peace when I hear this beautiful song.  I think of my 
loved ones that have passed away and my yearning to be reunited for them.  
The song makes my soul cry, but happy tears, hopeful feelings.  I love my 
Heavenly Father and His Son Jesus Christ who have made it possible for all 
of us to be reunited with them and with all of our loved ones.﻿1yr my lady. miss you more everyday.love you so much.﻿im singing this for sophomore year i think its beautiful <3﻿For those interested this beautiful song is in the Grade 7 book of the 
Resonance Voice Series - Music Development Program. 
What a great song.﻿Bello!!!!! Magnifico !!!!!!! Dios les Bendiga!!!!!﻿I love this song 
I listern to it every sunday morning﻿My senior year of high school my Treble Clef choir did this song for our 
end of the year concert and made the first verse and last verse a solo. I 
had already sang it in middle school so I knew how it was supposed to be 
sung. So I had gotten to solo to this song. I just really love this song 
and wish that more people knew this song and appreciated what this song is 
saying. ﻿me encantaa c:﻿O senhor e surpreendentemente maravilhoso!!!﻿You don't have to be Mormon to appreciate the sound of the choir and 
orchestra. ﻿beautiful song,﻿our choir Mens section of the Rosetown Choristers is singing this at coming 
concert. Tis a beautiful song﻿Homeward Bound

In the quiet misty morning 
When the moon has gone to bed,
When the sparrows stop their singing
And the sky is clear and red,

***When the summer's ceased its gleaming,
When the corn is past its prime,
When adventure's lost its meaning,
I'll be homeward bound in time.***

Bind me not to the pasture;
Chain me not to the plow.
Set me free to find my calling
And I'll return to you somehow.

If you find it's me you're missing,
If you're hoping I'll return,
To your thoughts I'll soon be list'ning,
In the road I'll stop and turn.

Then the wind will set me racing 
As my journey nears its end,
And the path I'll be retracing
When I'm homeward bound again.

Bind me not to the pasture;
Chain me not to the plow.
Set me free to find my calling
And I'll return to you somehow.﻿03:04 - 03:25 gets me every time. Love this.﻿This is one of many beautiful pieces my family sang at my beloved dad's 
funeral last year. He loved music, he loved words, and mostly he loved home 
and family. I will miss him forever . . and music like this will always 
remind me of him.﻿Beautiful just beautiful.﻿Does anyone know what the flute like instrument is called.  I don't think 
it's a fife.  Is it a tin whistle?﻿My all time favorite...﻿I first sang this my senior year of high school for an honor choir I was 
apart of and then later for my graduation. This song has so much meaning to 
me. ﻿I kinda wish there were more verses. This is such a great piece of music.﻿Interesting use of a Whistle??? It is Irish/Scot to name a few!﻿Can someone please tell me who wrote this wonderful tune?﻿Set me free to find my calling.﻿Missing my Lady and Jazzy girl.﻿I sang this song for Solo & Ensemble, but it wasn't nearly as beautiful as 
this <3 I love this song.﻿I'm home!﻿This is such a moving song. Sometimes you just need that... I know I do.😊﻿Beautiful song!﻿How beautiful! Thank you for sharing this.﻿Beautiful.. Hearing such music is inspiring.﻿This song is so touching now this reambers when my cousin is going on a 
mission I'll ALAWAYS reamber this﻿found this on accident while looking for the simon and garfunkle song by 
the same name and this is just so soothing i want to put it on repeat while 
i sleep﻿My Lady I miss you so much﻿I can't help thinking about my father's passing when I hear this song.  Few 
songs get me choked up like this one.﻿I have returned home to live and produce you tube releases about being a 
Mormon. I left in 1986 and held onto the iron rod through many challenges 
that has taken me closer to the tree of the love of God. Listening to 
Church music daily joins my birth home to the love of God
  ﻿I yearn ro fo home all of the time when I can meet my Savior and my God who 
is at my home.  I have not found my calling yet and I am 55 years old.  But 
I know that he will show it to me soon.  I know that I am free to find it. 
 But with his help I can do anything.  I love this song.  It remindes me 
that I have a home to go to when I do die.  I love this song.  ﻿ I love this song! I can't stop listening to it ﻿A friend in my singles ward taught me this song one day after church, quite 
some years before the choir recorded it.  I use it in my music thanatology 
practice.  I am employed by hospices to play harp and sing at the bedside 
of the dying, and this has become one of my favorite songs to sing at the 
bedside of my patients.  It is the perfect message and the melody is 
exquisite. I was so happy to hear the choir had recorded it.  Saying 
goodbye is so difficult, and this song seems to me the perfect message at 
the bedside. This arrangement by Bro. Wilberg is so beautiful and well 
done.  The song itself to me is a jewel, a gem and wonderful at the 
bedside.  Thank you Marta Keen.﻿This reminds me very much of that shard of T.S. Elliot's poem "Little 
Gidding" used in the old "Man's Search For Happiness" film.
We shall not cease from exploration
And the end of all our exploring
Will be to arrive where we started
And know the place for the first time.
Through the unknown, unremembered gate
When the last of earth left to discover
Is that which was the beginning;
At the source of the longest river
The voice of the hidden waterfall
And the children in the apple-tree
Not known, because not looked for
But heard, half-heard, in the stillness
Between two waves of the sea.﻿Lady I miss you so much! I wish I was with you.﻿Muy hermoso...﻿RIP JAZZY GIRL 2 yrs.LOVE YOU﻿still crying for my lady﻿I keep thinking of all those who have left home through the countless ages 
of man with no possible idea what mankind's future held. With only dreams 
of what "leaving home" to find a calling would mean they set out into the 
world.
We all eventually embark on this adventure. 
Over 70 years ago American's by the hundreds of thousands made a difference 
to the future of an entire world.
I speak of the Greatest Generation.
From those who became our military leaders on every level both before and 
during WW2 . . . to the elders, the women and children left behind, who 
kept the home fires burning.
Yes. . . from great aviation Leaders like Billy Mitchell who sounded the 
warning bells on aviation warfare between the world wars (only to be court 
martial for it), to teenagers like my Dad. He found himself in Germany  
with a BAR in early January 1945 at the age of 19, his brother, Don, with 
the Mighty 8th's B-17's in '43 and Burnard, with the Amphibious fleet in 
the Pacific theater in '44 . . . .
And then we must Never forget the very young adults and littlest kids who 
grew up overnight on that day in December 1941. For nearly 4 years they 
took over jobs and responsibilities thought beyond their capabilities.
This always seems to be the case with Americans.
Not giving up nor giving in.
May it always be so. 

So many like you and your brothers are gone now Dad;
so many are still embarking on that path to secure freedom.
Watch over U.S. and guide U.S. all now if you can.
Don't let us forget the America you and all your fellow soldiers 
constantly dreamed of while you were fighting !
God Bless America and her soldiers
who offer, and to often give, their all. 
Please wake up, America.
In today's world We Are Not holding true to what American's have fought and 
died for since the begining. Most of "our" public schools don't even teach 
it any more !﻿SIMPLY AWESOME!!!﻿This song says it all...I'll return...as my journey makes it's end.  Bind 
me not to the pasture, chain me not to the plow...set me free to find my 
calling, and I'll return to you somehow.﻿Deeply moving music and superb performance. I hope to hear you live 
someday.﻿I think the instrument is a penny whistle. I viewed another video featuring 
this instrument and the announcer said it was a penny whistle.﻿Is there somewhere this version can be purchased rather than the one 
featuring Bryn Terfel?﻿quisiera rogar a alguien de habla inglesa que pudiese traducir este himno, 
cada vez que lo escucho siento que vuelo con mis vestidos blancos de vuelta 
a mi Dios, que le veo, le beso y abraso, porque le amo con todo lo que soy, 
sin embargo no se que dice en esta canción y creo que encierra algo 
hermoso. gracias a quien lo haga desde ya.﻿I thought of how I am now the Elder's Quorum President and after listening 
to this song again I found that my calling is more important than I ever 
imagined to the lives of those I guide. I cried as I promised my Lord I 
would do Him proud as I repented of my lack of understanding that I should 
travail in this life to give Him praise. Even unto the ends of the earth as 
I take my final breath I will know that as long as I held His calling high 
and remembered to keep His commandments and rebuke all sinful natures from 
my heart I will see Him again. My Lord and my God I await the day of Your 
call unto me as I hear this choir sing the AHHHH I imagine entering into 
the gates of heaven. Oh what a day it will be when I can finally rest from 
journey here.﻿