The one second in from the left- is that the Trololol guy?!?!﻿Hermoso. Edificante, Inspirador﻿Thank you for that wonderful performance! ﻿Goosebumps people!..goosebumps...God is awesome﻿humanity is awesome when we work together. :)﻿There's no video!?﻿Superb...﻿God did not send a subordinate to redeem us. He chose to do it himself﻿this is amazing! i have always wanted to play in the orchestra which would 
be amazing :)﻿Amazing! :)﻿so beautiful
Thank you﻿Simply marvelous, our soul is touched by the Spirit that this performance 
bring to us. I shared it with my Family. Thank you.﻿I'm speechless Brethren...thank you for sharing this AND to enlighten our 
Spirits during this Christmas season...TRULY BEAUTIFUL!!!!! :-)))))﻿The beauty of the music fills all our senses and brings the light that 
Jesus brought to our lives individually and to the world. Through these 
sounds we can sense the glorious days that await us when the Christ returns 
May
His blessings be with you all!﻿definitely a unique arrangement, love the song, love the choir.﻿Beautiful, ﻿Beautiful!!!!!﻿As a boy in the 1930 -40s I was a Chorister, firstly at my parish church, 
and later during the Second World War,  living in Bristol, England.  We 
thought that we were good...but whenever I listen to the Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir, Orchestra, Guest singers  and speakers,  It brings me down to earth 
and full of joy.  The present day music moves me greatly but many of the 
old hymns that we enjoyed with our somewhat limited repertoire some 80 
years ago reminds me viviidly of my late, and much loved, family.

Permit me please if I recall one particular concert that most of schools in 
Bristol, together with an audience of may faiths, sang in the Colston Hall 
which shortly after was destroyed during one of the German air Blitzes on 
the city.  One of the most moving passages was when we sung all the 
National Anthems of the Allied nations, with special meaning being given to 
those countries once involved in the fighting for freedom but many of which 
were the suffering under enemy control.  The American Ambassador and 
members of the American Red Cross, many stationed in Bristol.

I am now in my 86th year, and as with many in old age, many including my 
wife of 83,  suffering in old age, but one of our happer moments i watching 
aand listening  to your YouTube programmes.   May the Good Lord bless you 
all in furthering his good works.

Jean and Graham Bull.﻿Thank you Lord, so beautiful <3﻿Sublime. Music has the power to lighten the heart and give pure joy. ﻿Simply stunning. Thank you for this.﻿