My mother passed a few weeks ago and I feel the same way. My father passed 
35 years ago next month and to know they are together again fills my heart 
with joy. Even so, I still miss them so much and always will until it's my 
turn to be with them again.﻿I luv to play this on my violin.. sometimes at church.. and with a singer..﻿I used to be pretty stoic when it came to movies, books, and music. I used 
to think nothing could make me cry. Now, after my dad's recent death, I 
can't watch this (let alone listen) without getting choked up. Trying to 
keep it together proves about as effective as trying to plug up a leak with 
a toothpick.﻿I love this song!﻿Beautiful voices....Thank you for sharing.﻿Thank you for sharing, I have the old KJV of the Bible also.  I never could 
remember the 23 Psalm and would to find one.  Everyone that was dying that 
I could when I worked in a nursing home I would read this to them.  New 
English.  Ugh.﻿peaceful﻿i wish i could grab the piano sheet of this song for the upcoming 
conference. thx :)﻿hi, where can I possibly download the choir sheet for this... I will give 
to my director and we will sing it too...thanks a lot...﻿Celestial!!!﻿Consider lilies,
How they grow.
So are we not
The Lord’s also?﻿Cette hymne tourne mon regard vers le Seigneur,je ressent la paix,l'amour 
et un sentiment de partage.Oui je crois en lui il est notre le Sauveur et 
créateur de toute l'humanité,par lui et en lui nous pouvons être sauver de 
nos peines et maladie.Aussi être exempté des malheurs de ce monde par la 
prière et la foi en lui,car il nous donne l'espoir d'une vie meilleur près 
de lui et sonPère.Amen﻿The soul loves this, thank you Mormon Tabernacle ChoirWhat a beautiful music to listen the sundays afternoon but all the days 
too. Thank you to Mormon Tabernacle Choir !! Shucks, forgot to mention. I have sung this many times coast to coast 
including at a 7th Day Adventist Concert. They loved it, and I handed out 
extra sheet music to give to other accompanists.My all time favorite song...reminds me of my sisters and cousin when we 
sung a different version of this, but nevertheless, this song is my all 
time favorite. "Thank you, Heavenly Father, for blessing us all with music 
to share, appreciate and enjoy. I love you." This song by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir is beyond words......It Tugs at 
the Heart Strings and lifts up the Soul to Love God and the things that 
Jesus Taught to this World....This is such a Hard and Cruel World at times 
and it's songs and words like these that make Us More Strong and makes Me 
want to be a better Person ......I desire to have the Spirit Within Me, 
regardless of circumstances of My Life or what the rest of My Life has in 
store for Me. I can't deny the Spirit of this Choir.oh great music of the soul Lindo!Amazing song, words of true and inspiration. The only thing that I didn't 
like in this specific video is the background while choir is singing. I 
would prefer to watch the singers and orchestra instead all those 
scenarios. All scenarios are nice but there are too many.love this...Thanks for the hard work and dedication Mormon Tabernacle Choir and 
Orchestra!This is a favorite of mine, and my mother has always loved it. I think I'll 
take her to the broadcast tomorrow, just so she can hear a live 
performance! Thank you Roger Hoffman and Tabernacle Choir! 