WOW!..... and about forty years ago I could've kept up with her!....sigh..﻿I've been in the conference building once on a tour. I didn't know that the 
building was actually that big. It looked big in the videos and pictures, 
but in real life... WOW﻿Isn this music on the notes of "Praise to the man"? So why there is written 
The brave/ Simple gifts?﻿Qué belleza!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿As a Mormon, this spectacular triumph with the Mormon Tabernacle choir and 
orchestra probably means even more to Lindsey than her wonderful comeback 
performance on America's Got Talent. I bet she was pleased with the 
superior acoustics in the Mormon Tabernacle.﻿Scotland the Great﻿wow :)﻿It very nearly gives me hope for life.
Weird mashups, maybe people aren't all that bad.
Nice cover up.
Thanks.﻿I love Lindsey Stirling...﻿Beautiful﻿OMG this is such an amazing performance! Lindsey is so remarkable, and 
watching her play is a dream! I love how they made it and put it all 
together; i recognised some parts from "Lord of the Dance" in there, i 
absolutely love that piece! And it couldn't have suited Lindsey any better, 
ha! x)﻿It's funny because all of those violinists that are accompanying Lindsey in 
the pit are probably 100 times better than her yet they aren't as famous as 
her...﻿'Scotland the brave' just got violated... this is a unrespectfull 
performance﻿Such beautiful music and the singing is soul - lifting﻿ 







﻿¡FABULOSO!﻿That was not Scotland, The Brave at all, that was totally Praise to The 
Man. It didnt even sound like Scotland, The Brave if you think it did then 
look it up and listen and you will realize this video here is not of the 
same song.﻿Loor al profeta﻿That doesn't sound like "Scotland the brave" that sounds like "lord of the 
dance".﻿I had difficulty sitting still while listening and watching this uplifting 
"Gift of talent".﻿Good ﻿¡Es una belleza! ¡Magnífico!﻿You go Lindsay!! Let the whole world know your amazing and awesome talent :)I saw this in my early morning choir classI love this!It's so beautiful! That gave me some chills!! <3I disagreeI love MoTab, but this is the silliest collaboration I have ever seen. 
Brought down your credibility a ton! :( The pioneers would often hear a fiddle and dance to the music. This shows 
that both can be done at once. Way to go Lindsey stirling!Hehe, It's in her blood. You'll be lucky if you can find a video of her 
playing a violin and not jumping around, she loves to dance! This Praise to the Man is Fantastic !MARVELOUS!Absolutely marvelously BEAUTIFUL ! ! ! What a beautiful gal and WOW is she 
a Great performer!Great song Absolutely beautiful!!We were there. Lindsey did great!Praise to the man? Yes, slight difference in the tune of Scotland the 
Brave. Being Celtic, and very proud of my heritage, I loved the music but found 
the young lady, jumping about in whatever her costume was suppose to be, 
distracted from the perfomance. I feel the same about the Celtic Women when 
I watch them. Their violinist does the same thing...Please go out to dinner with me Lindsey?If I recall correctly, she was rejected in the first round of AGT and was 
told that her talents/skills weren't marketable. And here she is with the 
Tabernacle Choir backing her up, which is on every performer's bucket list 
of pipe dreams, and rarely realized. Lesson: "Never give up, never give up, 
never, never, never."This is one of my all-time favorite performances!!! The Tabernacle Choir 
keeps getting BETTER!!!! Lindsey Stirling is amazing too!! Lindsey was so pretty that night ...Marry me Lindsey.