David Archuleta, you were perfect!!﻿great voice﻿one of my favorites too...*sigh* :-)﻿Who David?﻿I met Kendra Lowe ( The Piano player ) at youth conference....she is 
amazing!﻿just watched this for the first time, tears streamed down my face, as this 
young man, recognized the magnitude of his audience and so humbly and 
beautifully delivered one of the best performances of this song I have ever 
heard.﻿le gusta mucho las cosas de dios , ami también creó que eso es lo más 
importante﻿me encanta﻿Cute little pecker! You just wanna grab him and hug him and kiss him all 
over!﻿Even the laughs of the MTC are in tune XDD

I looooove David's voice so much. It's got so much sentiment. I am one of 
the blessed people who listened to him singing live in Chile while he was a 
missionery. What a beautiful and unforgettable moment.﻿This song is so touched in the deep of my heart :'(﻿lovely and heartfelt performance from a talented young man :)﻿Ohh david. What i would give to sing with you just once is immeasurable! 
I've been singing most of my life and have been able to sing for disney. 
I've sang with some amazing people but your voice brings me to my knees 
every time. And it makes me to happy to know we're both members of the 
Lords Church!! Never stop singing!﻿This is truly a beautiful song, and David does it justice, even though he 
is so young. What a wonderful young man! I truly hope he can stay faithful 
and not get caught up in the glitz of being an idol for many. Deeply moving 
hymn and touches your deepest part of the soul.﻿Beautiful David!!!! Thank You for sharing your gift with the whole world to 
enjoy! Shine On!! 💕💕💕💕﻿May he be blessed﻿You sing well,I like your voice David﻿DAVIDD... we are so blessed to have you in this world.. your voice is 
amazing... its just touching everyone .. agree?﻿canta muy hermoso David﻿Beautiful!﻿Tears.. I love David Archuleta. They sang this at my mother's service when 
she passed away last November. It gives me hope that I may see her again. 
David sings it so beautifully and from the heart.﻿Beautiful. David is a very talented young man ﻿David Archuleta is the man !﻿it's fake﻿What ever happened to David archuletA?﻿😳no words﻿David just seems to go into a zone when he sings. The world just seems to 
vanish and only his voice is left.﻿WOW.﻿A Gods creation….﻿Here´s an ex mormon that still loves this music. 
Hhahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.﻿Beautiful! Cried almost. The best and favorite. ﻿What a pleasant voice David has! What a privilege to sing to this amazing 
choir! May God bless him!﻿very beautiful...﻿This guy is precious and has a special blessing with his voice.﻿Oh, he is good; he sings it perfectly, 

1 Be still, my soul: the Lord is on thy side.
Bear patiently the cross of grief or pain.
Leave to thy God to order and provide;
In every change, He faithful will remain.
Be still, my soul: thy best, thy heav’nly Friend
Through thorny ways leads to a joyful end.

2 Be still, my soul: thy God doth undertake
To guide the future, as He has the past.
Thy hope, thy confidence let nothing shake;
All now mysterious shall be bright at last.
Be still, my soul: the waves and winds still know
His voice Who ruled them while He dwelt below.

3 Be still, my soul: when dearest friends depart,
And all is darkened in the vale of tears,
Then shalt thou better know His love, His heart,
Who comes to soothe thy sorrow and thy fears.
Be still, my soul: thy Jesus can repay
From His own fullness all He takes away.

4 Be still, my soul: the hour is hast’ning on
When we shall be forever with the Lord.
When disappointment, grief, and fear are gone,
Sorrow forgot, love’s purest joys restored.
Be still, my soul: when change and tears are past
All safe and blessed we shall meet at last.

5 Be still, my soul: begin the song of praise
On earth, believing, to Thy Lord on high;
Acknowledge Him in all thy words and ways,
So shall He view thee with a well-pleased eye.
Be still, my soul: the Sun of life divine
Through passing clouds shall but more brightly shine.﻿You can tell that I have never really known much about the Mormons because 
it's shocking to me that they sing hyms and they have a Tabernacle Choir. 
Well good for them. I did watch a Christmas special that was done. I 
watched the whole video of the concert posted on YouTube. It was beautiful. 
David did a good job.

The was one other Mormon that I thought was cool. She is a negro Republican 
and if she is of the same heart and Spirit like David then she deserved the 
win she got.﻿He has a wonderful gift from God﻿so gracious...well done DA.﻿Moved to tears....amazing!!﻿So awesome!!! :D :D﻿I remember seeing his audition on Idol (when it first aired), I predicted 
he would win.  Close!  Amazing voice!﻿any "dragging" is called adding "emotion" the the hymn. I think it's 
awesome. I'll be singing this soon in church as well. Looking forward to 
the opportunity. Woop!﻿This is TALENT! ﻿a little bit dragging in the high notes.... sorry﻿This is so beautiful ﻿love this song! one of the dearest hymns...but where can I find this piano 
arrangement??? I would love to sing this in my stake this year :)﻿Maravilhoso﻿so beautiful﻿So beautiful *sigh* <3  #amen  ﻿So beautiful and moving.﻿Beautiful and awesome voice, but I think that the standing ovation should 
be to God, not to him +Mormon Tabernacle Choir He is just an instrument in 
God's hands :)﻿Okay, what else with this kid?﻿Amazing voice ;) I love your voice..and I always love your laughed n smile 
its make me laughed :) keep that up that amazing happy spirit you brought 
to others ;) ﻿Amazing voice ;) I love your voice..and I always love your laughed n smile 
its make me laughed :) keep that up that amazing happy spirit you brought 
to others ;) ﻿He seems like such a sweetheart. ﻿The melody is actually a Finnish patriotic song, not national anthem, but a 
very special song to us Finns. It's called Finlandia by Jean Sibelius. I 
think it suits beautifully as a hymn as well. <3﻿5 years later and that crystal clear voice still makes your eyes wet....﻿I like this guy,its really a blessing Bro.Don't stop and the pianist is 
perfect﻿One of my favorite hymns! His is a very high passagio.wow I heard his name before regrettin that I didnt click to this video 
before Amazing peaceful careful sang song he pours a lot of meaning into 
words I can feel it wow.. I stopped by to also say if u like check out my 
cover that will make my day Thank you MimozaDoes anyone know where I can get the sheet music or who arranged this 
beautiful piece?I love this song and the way he sang it gave me peace this morning, things 
have been rough but listening to this song gave me peace and hope for a 
better week!I agree; this is my most favorite Be still My soul rendition by him. Gooooooo David - Just adore your sweet loving kind humble soul - Be YOU - 
No one else but You - You are one very special Young Man - Sooo Deeply 
Talented - I love your voice so very much - You settle my heart & soul - 
Thankyou for that choice blessing ;-] X/X/Xque lindo tanto recuerdos lindo de esta iglesia cuando era miembro hace ya 
diez años atrás Never really meant this when I've said this before to other 
celebrities...but I mean it now. I love you David.One of my all time favorites This is one of my all time favorite songs and done to such perfection by a 
young and talented artist. As a fellow composer/musician and previous 
member of the Tab Choir yrs. ago., I leave my special "Thanks," to David 
and all who are moved by this great rendition as was I. Jim Jenkins, 
Seattle, WAElaine, thank you! David's humble spirit and amazing God given talent has 
touched my soul deeply.I would really like the sheet music for this piano arrangement . If anyone 
knows where to find it, please let me know!So beautiful! He sings from his heart.Beautiful da 2014David's voice is just so powerful and it comforts my soul and gives me 
strength. I'm sure God wants David to purify people's souls and hearts 
through his voice. God bless you David:-) Thanks for giving hope to people 
with your wonderful music!What beautiful voice !!best voice EVERWHAT A CUTIE HAHAThat really goes without saying...better than justin bieber.His voice so young and pure in 2009. He recorded this on his new Album 
called "BEGIN" type in "Be Still My Soul David Archuleta" on you tube. His 
voice richer amazing and even more powerful if that is possible! Also 
available on @iTunes . It is a must have esp. for these hard days ahead! 
Our hope is in the LORD!! Sing it David!!!!LOVE HEARING FROM NEW DAVID FANS. DAVID IS SUCH A BLESSING TO ALL HIS FANS. 
BOTH MUSICALLY AND SPIRITUALLY :)) One of the best comments I have ever seen. OMG! How have I missed this beautiful Spirit? I was unaware of David until 
yesterday. Thank you David for your beautiful music! Thank you Father 
Mother God for the beautiful gift you have blessed David with!It's sad he doesn't get much attention when he's a really good singer 
compare to others artist..Humble. Sweet. Phenomenal. David. David is so funny...he is always "a 
little nervous" before slaying a song. :)As stated in the description it was a Mormon Tabernacle Choir rehearsal 
that David attended and he sang for them.Man has done some terrible things in the name of his beliefs, but 
occasionally he does something that truly gives you hope. Thank you for 
sharing one of those moments.Video description: "In March 2009, David Archuleta attended a rehearsal and 
sang "Be Still My Soul," to the Mormon Tabernacle Choir."Is this a mid-singles' conference?Thank you for sharing this inspiring video! His humble heart and love of 
God shine through in this beautiful song. He sings like an angel. Please, 
please let there be another Motab + David Archuleta performance!amen amen et encore amen merci beaucoup car l'esprit de Dieu est bien 
présent en chacun de nous Beautiful beautiful voice and song. Love .# DA20141. Be still, my soul: The Lord is on thy side; With patience bear thy cross 
of grief or pain. Leave to thy God to order and provide; In ev'ry change he 
faithful will remain. Be still, my soul: Thy best, thy heav'nly Friend Thru 
thorny ways leads to a joyful end. Impossivel nao se apaixonar! ^_^