This is easily one of my top ten favorite arrangements by Mack Wilberg. The 
Mormon Tabernacle Choir lifts this song towards heaven.﻿I believe I am crying. I am not sad, just something else but can't explain.﻿Ótima combinação de sons e imagens.﻿Hymn is beautiful but the video edition has TOO MUCH scenery which distract 
the music and deprive the watchers to see the amazing people from the choir.
Media editors should consider that watchers love to see the choir members 
and their feelings expression while singing.﻿I cannot explain with words how beautiful this composition is. ﻿It's great!﻿The Christian faith isn’t just another punch list of dos and donts I have 
to live up to.  Jesus’ righteousness comes to me as a free gift﻿Espetacular!!!﻿It is very meaningful to hear this, in a special day like today. Thank you 
for the divine and  heavenly music, to our souls.﻿Simply Wonderful !!!!!!! Music from the heaven !!!!﻿Hello. We know this as Caccini's Ave Maria!﻿I really felt the spirit today after listening to this special piece of 
music. I love all the music that the choir and orchestra  presents. Long 
may it continue.﻿This music makes me feel like I'm being wrapped up in 10,000 blankets of 
God's love and peace, inside and out. ﻿Stunning. Moving. Beautiful. ﻿Shenandoah was my favorite until i heard this. I can close my eyes and feel 
the spirit ﻿My patriarchal blessing says I will conduct the hosts of heaven in choir, 
hence the need to constantly study and learn before I am resureected﻿The Hebrew word Alleluia or Halleluya is an expression of praise to God was 
preserved, untranslated, by the Early Christians as a superlative 
expression of thanksgiving, joy, and triumph.﻿Absolutely beautiful...﻿There is a serenity to this piece that is so soothing. It is also quite sad 
but in a magnificent way.﻿We will still exist in heaven, alleluia﻿Beautiful!!!﻿I can picture an angel standing with power and authority gazing upon the 
earth in its carnal state when I hear this.﻿Beautiful! not caccini's ave maria?Divino! bella melodía supo tocar mi corazón estremeciéndolo de gratitud y amor 
hacia mi Padre Celestial y a mi eterno Salvador Jesucristo <3I love this much better than 'Ave Maria'. Tout simplement magnifique.great performance thanks! IF we all took time to hear this type of music,we would fewer heart 
attacks,be alot calmer and alot kinder to each other.God loves us all.Maravilhoso esse Coral! ImpresionanteHermosa pieza musical e imágenes bellísimas que van directo al corazón . 
Gracias .I love it. may the lord be praised forever and ever. I imagine this song as my heavenly passage to the celestial kingdom, it 
makes me weep with joy at the thought of embracing my Heavenly Father who i 
long to be with.how beautiful music...!! makes me cry