Not a fan of Mormonism at all, but the Tabernacle Choir is amazing.﻿I'm not even religious but hell these mormons can sing !﻿We need Andy Williams in this leading the choir in this song !﻿super﻿bonito, mas pena não ouvir quase nada de tão baixinho que foi gravado﻿The title of this song reminds me of Star Wars....﻿los estudiantes de la bilblia usaron este magnifico himno para conmemorar 
el eestablecimiento del reino en 1914.﻿alsoim my church  which is morman visodars are welcom﻿the good old morman tablenacker chior it cheers me up as a morman when im 
down i lissen and become happy﻿My favorite part of my high school choir was singing this version for the 
annual Veteran's Day concert. This makes me so happy every time I hear it 
:)﻿I have to say, the Mormons definitely have one of the best choirs I've ever 
heard.﻿This is jubilation as if a heavenly choir was performing!﻿Beautifully Done!!!﻿love the Mormon choir what a friend
we have in Jesus﻿my mom was in the choir for 12 yrs and recently left. as i recall practice 
was wednesday nights saturdays and sundays﻿This music is powerful﻿Bless the Lord all year works of the Lord. All ye sons of men bless the 
Lord. Let all that has breath praise and bless the Lord.﻿May every beat of our hearts O Christ be a million acts of love for Thee.﻿I am not, and will never become religious, but this is as close to divine 
as anything I will ever hear!﻿High noon tex﻿such a shame that such talent also practices heresy.﻿sensacional...espetacular!﻿I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, the Maker of Heaven and Earth, 
no one knows the only true religion.﻿i sure wish there was a way to know the names of the orchestra and choir 
members first names only would work for me...i sure have my favs to look 
for their expressions as they sing and those that play..﻿Long live the republic!﻿My favorite version.﻿If this don't give you goosebumps nothing will.﻿Spectacular ﻿A true story!  I was doing the all-night shift on KNAK, a Top 40 radio 
station in Salt Lake back in 1971.  I played the "Battle Hymn" as an 
'oldie'(#11  pop hit in 1959).  I found out the next day that my station 
was the only one that had not been knocked off the air by a lightening 
storm during the night.  Certainly got my attention!﻿Many have wondered why the change of words? As I listened to this 
rendition, with the selected verses and word change, it became apparent to 
me that this song has multiple meanings. This version is clearly about 
future events. It encompass past and present events as well but this is 
about the coming of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ.  Why change the 
lyrics to, "Let us LIVE to make men free?" Because we are embarking on the 
final battle between good and evil and light and dark. HOPE will be lost by 
many, if not most, as the tribulations fall upon us. We must keep our eye 
single to the Glory of the coming of the Lord! HIS DAY IS MARCHING ON! 
 This is the ongoing battle for our free agency!  It doesn't matter if we 
are on this side of the veil or the other.   The point is... is that we 
LIVE because He LIVES!  What a beautiful gift of music the Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir has given us.  It's brought me much comfort over the past 
few days and has helped increase my faith and focus on the Savior instead 
of the chaos going on in the World.  Thank you!﻿That Asian girl at 1:42 is gorgeous.﻿It was nice. But "Let us die/live to make men free" Is supposed to be the 
most impactful moment of the song, and they  just didn't give it enough.﻿Best performance of all time. Love it. This also looks like that it's with 
The Philadelphia Orchestra as well. Even better thank god. Anybody know who 
the conductor is in this video?  Thanks a lot for posting this one guys.﻿As a son of Great Britain and a believer of the importance of the 
friendship of our two great nations, the beauty of this song never ceases 
to amaze me. God Bless the United States.﻿I've always liked this melody and, as we've come to expect, this is a 
beautiful interpretation by the MTC.

However, to me, the history of the Civil War boils down to an evil 
convergence of monumental and multilateral stupidity. Once I understood 
that, the attempt to glorify it with this title and lyrics became 
repugnant.﻿You did pretty awesome guys! :)﻿I am singing this arrangement in a community choir soon! It's gonna be 
amazing!﻿Gostaria de ouvir hinos para crianças. ﻿There is something beautiful and eternal about this song. Love it forever 
and will listen again tomorrow.﻿Beautiful.  So moving.﻿Brings tears to my eyes every time I hear it. Still my favorite choir song 
that I first learned to sing in Concert Choir at Skyline High School in 
Salt Lake City! Lara Blackham played it brilliantly on the piano, and Mr. 
Miller was inspiring whenever he directed us. Awesome memories!!!﻿First published versionEdit
Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord;
He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored;
He hath loosed the fateful lightning of His terrible swift sword:
His truth is marching on.
(Chorus)
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
His truth is marching on.
I have seen Him in the watch-fires of a hundred circling camps,
They have builded Him an altar in the evening dews and damps;
I can read His righteous sentence by the dim and flaring lamps:
His day is marching on.
(Chorus)
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
His day is marching on.
I have read a fiery gospel writ in burnished rows of steel:
"As ye deal with my contemners, so with you my grace shall deal";
Let the Hero, born of woman, crush the serpent with his heel,
Since God is marching on.
(Chorus)
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Since God is marching on.
He has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never call retreat;
He is sifting out the hearts of men before His judgment-seat:
Oh, be swift, my soul, to answer Him! be jubilant, my feet!
Our God is marching on.
(Chorus)
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Our God is marching on.
In the beauty of the lilies Christ was born across the sea,
With a glory in His bosom that transfigures you and me.
As He died to make men holy, let us die to make men free*,[14]
While God is marching on.
(Chorus)
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
While God is marching on.﻿Great song!﻿Julia Ward Howe wrote: "As he died to make men holy, let us die to make men 
free", why change it to "let us live to make men free"?

It makes no sense.  Men Did die to set the slaves free, why shy away from 
that?  Why be embarrassed about that?﻿Oh, tender children, If you only knew the true identity of some of the 
choir members of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, your hearts would be 
forever changed and you would strive continually to walk in the paths 
of righteousness forever.  I humbly bear my solemn witness of the 
truthfulness of the gospel of The Church Of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day 
Saints.  It is the only true church on the face of the earth and our 
Beloved Savior, Jesus Christ, is at the helm; of these truths I testify...  
Love and tenderness, the Prophetess Elisia.﻿Wow ﻿Great music quality, but not too loud.. dammit.﻿AMEN :)      HAPPY EASTER TO THE WORLD.﻿Goosebumps!﻿Pray not pay﻿NYCBG / so I've wondered about that too and I've arrived at this thought. 
So first off prophets are people too right and we're prone to making 
mistakes. In the book of Mormon I believe that one of the prophets 
clarifies any mistake was his by a lack of his language challenges. So this 
in conjunction with us being taught that a servant(us in this parable) who 
must be instructed in every part of life is a slow and slothful servant. 
Kinda like the guy who buried his one talent(currency) unlike the other two 
who used the talents to gain more talents. So if the social atmosphere was 
what it was then how long would it take a prophet to pay and ponder about 
what is the right thing too do in that situation. Just the same as others 
in Joseph smiths bloodline didn't pray and ask which church was true like 
he did. I'm open to feedback so I could very well be mistaken in my ideas. 
Have a good day all.﻿Magnificent!﻿Est igitur Res-Pubblica res populi, populus autem non omnis hominum coetus 
quoquo modo congregatus, sed coetus multitudinis iuris consensu et 
utilitatis communione sociatus. Eius autem prima causa coeundi est non tam 
imbecilitas quam naturalis quaedam hominum quasi congregatio.﻿If the Utah Jazz played basketball as well as the Mormon Tabernacle Choir 
play music, they'd have more championships than the Celtics or Lakers. 
Weird comment I know, but still....﻿HI BOB WALKER! WE SEE YOU!!!!﻿give glory to Jesus Christ, Amen......... ﻿I'm mormon so calling my religion a cult is really offends me.﻿Mormonism is not a cult﻿Hallelujah!﻿This is The Lord's Choir!!!﻿God bless America !!!﻿this a favorite!  Beautifully done!!!!﻿This is my all time favorite choral piece. This is the same arrangement 
that they sing every year for the Iowa All State Choral festival. So fun to 
sing.﻿This is by far the best rendition of this  song I have ever heard!!  I 
watch "Music & The Spoken Word" every week.  The combination of music, 
videos, and messages is very inspiring.  I'm not Mormon, but you don't have 
to be to enjoy this program.  Hats off to the producers of this weekly 
show.﻿God bless America !!!﻿I love being a Mormon from South Africa ﻿This version of The Battle Hymn of the Republic by The Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir went to #13 on the Top 40 charts. It would finish at #97 for the 
year, 1959.﻿They are wonderful!!!!!

﻿Where are the turn coats?and the red coats?
My fave hymn as i grew up(not that mother superior appreciated us making 
our own version),but stays in my top 10﻿i kept thinking of this song when i was out hunting. then i found a rabbit.﻿Well done boys and girls.﻿Cheers from Italy. Viva la buona musica !!
ps ...merry christmas to all﻿I mean, this is why the Tabernacle Choir is a thing, it's excellent. Let's 
not forget, though, that the power here is part the Choir and part Peter 
Wilhousky.﻿Come on! is that even possible? Incredible!!!﻿mi himno favorito﻿Nice﻿"Let us *live* to make men free!"﻿stirring song thoug﻿Hello, I wonder if the choir director could send me the partitura general 
of the Battle the Hymn of the Republic (Choir and Orchestra) for me would 
be a great blessing to have Partitura general, but if you no can send me 
the partitura not to worry, Thank you. 