Love the last note sandy patti.😊😊﻿Oh my goodness, those who are berating Sandi Patti for singing with the 
Mormon Tabernacle Choir. I have been listening all evening to their 
beautiful music with a number of hymns and Christmas Carols. It is just 
beautiful. No I don't believe like they do but I love to hear their music 
for what they are singing is what we would sing in our church. My husband 
was a pastor of an evangelical church in Salt Lake City for awhile. There 
are other denominations there in a minority of course. We have been to 
concerts in their old tabernacle. When we have visitors we take them to the 
Temple Grounds which are beautifully kept and the Visitors Center was 
fairly new then. One time we had a men's quartet come from our 
denominational university to sing in our church. We took them to see the 
Temple Square and visitors center. In the entrance of the visitors center 
there is a beautiful high domed room with the sky above and the galaxies 
and in the center is a huge white statue of Christ. With the amazing 
acoustics in that room the quartet started to sing some of the beautiful 
songs which was just amazing in that room and people gathered around and 
enjoyed hearing them and no one made them stop. And as far as Sandi Patti 
being able to sing again because of some failures she had. She went through 
a lot of counseling and of course God forgave her of her sins and she is 
accepted in the evangelical circles to sing again.﻿inspiring me﻿alegre música.﻿X Xiao - you are a moron... Amen...﻿Queridos Amigos  Les comparto magnifica música coral navideña﻿but we are not supposed to mix with those whose doctrines are different 
from ours!! I am so sadden to see Sandi singing with Mormons.﻿
Roseli dias Silva eu sou da igreja dos mormon e fico muito feliz em 
compartilhar este video﻿THANKS FOR THE COMMENT-WINFIELD SCOTT.
YEP!! PERHAP'S DEEP ROOTED INDEED
ITS TO DO WITH HARDNESS/COLD FEELINGS/CHILDHOOD PROBS!!
OR PERHAP'S JEALOUSY??
ONE WILL NEVER KNOW!!!
FROM (U.K.)﻿What is Sandi Patty doing singing with the Mormon Tabernacle choir? She 
should know better than to accept an invitation to sing on a show that 
promotes and believes in a false religion. ﻿merci , extraordinaire !﻿what kind of christian you, mormon?﻿A serious question: Is it possible to go to events like this even though 
I'm not a member of this church? I just love the music and I think these 
people are all great musicians. ﻿Hello Sandi Patti, we've never met but my man charles is grace's son. now i 
know where he gets his good singing ability from!  merry christmas to you!﻿Beautiful music...Sandi is simply wonderful....what a glorious voice.﻿O holy night.﻿Maravilhosas músicas que nos enlevam ao Criador. Parabéns à todos sem 
exceção.

E, obrigado por estes momentos de êxtases, musicais e visuais.﻿Christmas is the time we all celebrate how we cared for each other, friends 
& families.﻿this isn't O holy Night it's Joy to the World. Change your title please. ﻿Beautiful as expected. For real goosebumps, listen to David Phelps version 
in the green sweater, with choir behind and in a theater. OMG﻿Unfortunately most Brazilians don't know how to celebrate Christmas. We've 
lost the true spirit of that important celebration. I know that God lives 
and Jesus is the Christ.﻿Beautiful production.  Unfortunately, the choir is overshadowed by the 
musicians.  ﻿