I sing this wonderful song myself in my choir here in Germany. Whenever I 
sing it or whenever I listen to it here I think of this very young girl 
whom I've never met, but from whom I know that she has had a cruel accident 
two years ago. She is still suffering from this accident and I never know 
whether she is still alive when I try to talk to her on the internet the 
next day.
So I know what I mean when I'm singing "Hear my cry! Come and save me, oh 
Lord"﻿Music truly is the voice of God.﻿This is The Music of the sacred musics! Love it!﻿Where da white women at?﻿The most perfect example I know of the song of the heart being a prayer 
unto God. I love my Savior.﻿Ok obviously Joe Smith you don't know what we believe in. ﻿ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS! Too bad the Mormons don't believe the words.....﻿One of my favorite that this choir dose; :-)﻿I LOVE THIS SONG;﻿Just beautiful!﻿There are actually a few audition requirements. In order to apply for the 
chorale, you must meet the following criteria: Be between 25 and 55 years 
of age, live within a 100-mile radius of Temple Square, be a member of The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in good standing. Even if don't 
meet these criteria we invite you to join us for a rehearsal or concert 
anytime. I wouldnt see why not. But i would go to a better resource than youtube to 
try and figure out if you could. "To live is to suffer. To survive is to find meaning in the suffering."- 
Mans search for meaning. My savior is my meaning....he gets me through my 
suffering. i love him with all my soul. Beautiful song.i've already listened to this a lot of times, but i couldn't just get 
enough. very wonderful. takes me to my knees.So beautiful. Sounds like classical music. I love it!Words and Music by Charles Gounod Ah, turn me not away, receive me though 
unworthy. Ah, turn me not away, receive me though unworthy. Hear Thou my 
cry, hear Thou my cry, Behold, Lord, my distress! Answer me from Thy 
throne, Haste Thee, Lord, to mine aid! first stanzaI love you Jesus Paborito ko to, i love this song...1st - I LOVE this beautiful piece of musical scripture. Praise be to God 
for His Only Begotten Son, Jesus the Christ! 2nd - Regretably, the link 
above does not take you to the same version as this piece. The version on 
this page has an organ introduction while the LINK takes you to a different 
version that uses a cello in the introduction. Cheers!Sometimes we think everyone already knows of a special connection that 
magnifies this choir, the Savior has his hand in this, while at the same 
time I concur with you and appreciate what you are saying.My great grandfather was best friends and composed music with Charles 
Gounod. That is why my late-father and I have his last name as our middle 
name. The played this at his funeral in the tabernacle, I was lucky enough to be 
there. It sounded amazing.buen himno! e.e I would think that ANY choir that professes Christ IS the Lord's Choir 
--not just MoTab. ;)Prayerfully beautiful...awesomeJust perfect and beautiful. Thank you!!!!!This is the Lord's Choir and Orchestra. He is happy to share this lovely 
music with us and does so any time we ask. We are blessed! beautifulOne of Elder Neal A Maxwells favourite pieces, I can understand why.I saw Dale Boman! My best friend!beautiful piece