YOU've raised me up to more than I can be. You raise me up...all of you.:)﻿My beloved mother passed away this afternoon. This song is from me to you, 
mom. Thank you for all you have done for me. I am happy you are no longer 
suffering, but I miss you terribly.﻿Beautiful! Touching, i Love it! But Most of all i Love the Horns !!!﻿I listen to 'The Choir' every day as I sit at my computer and do my 
Indexing and Arbitrating for Family Search. I get such a feeling of peace 
and calm and any anger or disappointment I may have felt, just disappears. 
I particularly love this song and a few others by 'Men of the Mormon 
Tabernacle Choir' Thank you all who give so much with your beautiful 
music!!!﻿Beautiful Still several who believe in our Lord. We still need so many 
more. No one should perish without knowing our lord. Praise 
Jesus!!!🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻﻿Canadian tenors﻿Canadian tenors﻿2007 when I took sick this song was my tower of strength with my Heavenly 
Father Thank you Lord﻿YOU RAISE ME UP ...

ce chanson me touche personnellement
de plus ,comme tous vos chants,elle est interprété
de la plus jolie des façons.
je passe de longs et paisibles moments à écouter vos voix.
c'est ci apaisant .
vous n'imaginez pas le bien que cela procure.

UN GRAND MERCI À TOUTES ET TOUS.﻿This is a beautiful song but sadly it is not the best arrangement.  The 
musical accompaniment does not go well with the melody.  There is a lack of 
women voices. I hope they do a new rendition of this song with better 
arrangement.﻿THIS is a beautiful version of one of the most beautiful pieces of music 
ever written.  But in my opinion, it needs women's voices to really bring 
it out.  To hear what I consider to be the BEST version of this song, 
listen to CELTIC WOMAN'S version of it.  Especially when Mairead Nesbitt 
accompanies the ladies with her glorious fiddle.﻿Very moving. Motab always raises my spirit.﻿Beautiful, nice to hear as my day winds down.  Thank you.﻿You raise me up is awesome﻿This song was sung at my mother's funeral. It will always have e deeper 
meaning for me. I'm one giant sobbing goosebump right now.﻿The words and music and the conductor and choir are perfect.  This song is 
so moving.﻿This is amazing ﻿Melts me...touches my soul...thank you..﻿amazing!! so amazing!!!﻿Real life musical orgasm!
Well, that's must be THE BEST acapella piece i've ever heard, and believe 
me, i've heard a lot.
This is so amazing, heart-tilting, beautifully orchestrated that it just 
makes the original sounds like yankee doodle...
By far the best cover in ages.
Thank you, MTC﻿.so wonderful. it is just like i can feel him with me. very very beautiful.﻿Very beautiful!﻿Even if it is happening on earth like this, how will heaven be.God richly 
bless Mormon Tabernacle choir for your inspirational songs﻿I had the opportunity to visit your impressive building during my honeymoon 
in 1987. Did I say "honeymoon," I did but not in your beautiful city, lol. 
We landed in SLC but spent it on the rapids of Green River on its way to 
meet Colorado. We also drove around your parks enjoying all the spectacular 
scenery. And thank you Mormon Tabernacle Choir for your songs. Your quality 
must surely please God!﻿La musica nos eleva espiritualmente y nos acerca mas a Dios nuestro Señor y 
salvador. Gracias infinitas sean dadas a Él por poder y su infinito amor. ﻿Whenever I hear this I think of the Lord Jesus.  Very moving.﻿I love the chior. They give me so much peace and strength﻿I hope your heart is beating all the time.Wonderful ! my heart is beating when i am hearing this song ~~~BeautifulI'm not even Christian but you can defiantly tell that they mean every word 
they're singing.. The more emotion they put behind it the more beautiful 
and meaningful the song becomes.. Absolutely stunninghouston1947- The choir has a very specific sound definition that they need 
for the trademark Tabernacle Choir Sound...and younger voices just don't 
have the vocal maturity that is required. About 10 years ago, the choir 
drop the age of eligibility to to 25 I think it was, and consequently some 
more youthful voices were admitted- it actually did change the vocal tonal 
sound just enough to notice, but Mac Wilberg is such a genius with the 
arrangements that it's not that noticeable only to lifelongIt"s a lovely music sung by a very,very very good choir and excellent 
orquestra.The Mormon Tabernacle Choir is not about ART. This transcends art and takes 
you to a much loftier place.In all their songs there is SOMETHING... special. And THAT we can SEE - 
it's NOT the differences among men that seperate them, but ignorance does ! 
YES. Mormon Tabernacle Choir... shows it CLEARLY ! All Mankind can 
become... ONE people, in this amazing World ! Thank you, MTC !Amen! My Lord raises me up!Thanks to all these people who give us the joy of listening to the music 
praising the Lord Jesus ChristJosh Groban does a great job with this song. This is a different rendition. 
You really can not compare any single singer with the Mormon Tabernacle 
Choir. This is beautiful. when I pass I hope they sing it a loudCan you imagine that 2 people gave their thumbs down? I really liked the precision about the orchestration on your comment. Seems 
like you enjoy music good music like I do.Why aren't there any young people in the choir? They all look middle aged.lindo!WHAT A GREAT MODERN SONG,SUNG BEAUTIFULLYI'm a fan of MOTAB, but for this particular song, I believe Josh Groban's 
version is way better. So many choir sing this song but its only this choir that you feel 
something very apart when we heard them singingrealmente hermoso I heard this on Classical 96.3 at work. The arranger really did a great 
job. I love the orchestration - especially the soaring horn/string 
counter-lines in the chorus. Simply exquisite.The performance and the movie both are high quality! Thank you for sharing 
this wondeful treasure, MTC.Only 408 views? Really?I just heard this song on the Mormon Channel music station and came to see 
if you had a video of it, and turns out you put it up yesterday. Thanks!