I recently was given the fantastic job of editing a new factual DVD about 
the Titanic and listening to this piece of music always brings a tear to my 
eyes.﻿great﻿♡♡♡♡ SO SAD MAKES ♡♡♡♡
YOU CRY BUT
BUT LETS YOU 
KNOW HOW 
CLOSE YOU ARE
TO SEEING HIM
I LOVE THIS . . .﻿Fabuloso!﻿proudly uplifting!﻿Every single time i Hear this song i remembere to my beloved mother who 
died by cancer last year (21.11.2014).
And i remembered and miss how she played this very beautiful Hymn sundays 
at church, and i loved it how she played it .
Bit in the end of the day i know i see her soon again, if i die. Caise i 
kow that , Redeemer lives ﻿seperti jalan yang lurus tetapi ujungnya maut﻿me too nicole! I think if the final scenes from titanic. ^_^﻿A very beautiful song. Very well sung. Thanks for posting it.﻿Every time I hear this song I can't help but picture the final scene from 
Titanic where the string quartet plays this as the boat sinks.﻿We sang this at EFY this summer. Now when ever I hear it, I can't stop 
myself from crying! These guys are soooo good!﻿Beautiful﻿Music is the flow deep from the soul!﻿This is so beautiful and uplifting!!!﻿Bravo! amén.﻿:)﻿cuando escucho el coro del tabernaculo ne conmueve el alma .﻿One of my favorite hymns. How i miss singing them on Sundays.﻿I always think of the Titanic when I hear this. It isn't absolutely 
established that the orchestra did play this as the ship sank, but it has 
become part of folklore.﻿Wow this is great except i cant find the sheet music for the arrangement 
anywhere on the internet. Anybody know where i can purchase one?﻿me encanta este himno﻿This was one of my late mum's favourite hymn. ﻿I love listening to the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and often the music is so 
beautiful and my heart is so full, I cry. I sing in our ward choir and wish 
I was as good as the Tabernacle singers. I never grow tired of listening to 
them and would love to go to Salt Lake to see them in reality﻿Wonderful. One day, before I die, I hope to listen those wonderful voices 
live! One day I will be there at the temple square praising the Lord!﻿Sueper﻿masaya ako alam ko na ang awiting ito ay nagbibigay pag-asa sa akin dito pa 
lang sa buhay ko sa mundo 
makakapiling ko ang Diyos﻿I love this song very much; a consolation for me to hear this song very 
much especially now we are in this very turbulent world! I am not afraid of 
death for Jesus!﻿The YM and YW had to sing this one day in our Ward. We never could get 
close to these guys. 
They are the best.﻿me conmuve esa musica﻿Thank You so much Mormon Tabernacle Choir...Blessed You Are.﻿Is there a DVD of these recordings as well? There are some beautiful videos 
here and I hope they are available !﻿I love this song﻿Wonderfull.﻿...reminds my of my wonderful irish mother and father... when they had 
problems in their marriage... they did not split up... they worked things 
out... not like what they are doing today!﻿Nearer to thee my Lord... This is a wonderful Choir ever dwelt﻿The best!﻿Wonderfull! Greetings from Saxony, Germany. (=﻿This Choir is the GREATEST CHOIR on the face of this earth. GOD BLESS ALL 
OF YOU!﻿Its indeed heavenly to listen to this bless tune. Thank you God.  I love 
Thee with all myt heart. ﻿Gorgeous, per usual!﻿Great, and reverent. Beautiful.Now you understand why I want to be a tenor in my next life! Listen to that 
host of angelic voices!!!This song makes me think of the Titanic...one of my favorite songs!The good lord put you on this earth to help us all confirm our faithI love this Hymn. The harmony and the words are really wonderful. Eu amo 
esse hino. A harmonia e as palavras realmente são maravilhosas.Too beautiful for words! Soul inspiring!Lindíssimo !!!!!!!!! Luna Sascha SIM,MAIS PERTO QUERO ESTAR DE TI SENHOR, INDEPENDENTE DA SITUAÇÃO , NA 
ALEGRIA OU NA DOR. TU ÉS MINHA PORÇÃO E MINHA HERANÇA. TU ÉS O CONSOLO DA 
MINHA ALMA.Mine too.. The words "NEARER MY GOD TO THEE" they hit so deepdieses Lied*Always think of Titanicgeil... diese leid ist sehr schön... Love it Thank you, just beautiful.THIs my favorite hymn.. its make my spirit lift againamazing.........my all time favorite song/choir!!It is alleged that the band played this poignant hymn as the HMS Titanic 
was sinking... or so the story goes.There is no words to express the message of this song. The arrangement and 
the beauty of the brass ensemble is just amazing. This hymn blessed my soul 
and make me give thanks to GOD for the beauty of the music. So WONDERFULL no words to describe this choir - simply amazingOne of the most beautiful & moving Christian hymns I've ever heard --!!Such a beautiful song <3Yes this my favorite hymn.Amazing. Amazing as always :)Beautiful. :)