u r wonderful﻿eternal marriage is the gift of the Lord to us :-) Love LDSshe is so nice!She is so awesome! Go her!The LDS church is for everybody!That's why the gospel is so powerful.Wow, mormons have a lot of money for their ad campaigns. @bapassey I am a convert to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints, just like her, and I can tell you that for any person who proclaims 
to be a member of this church it is for one simple reason. We believe in 
Christ, we believe in God, and we have felt the Spirit testify that the 
gospel is true. This absolutely influences every aspect of our lives, for 
the better! :) If you would like to learn more please go to lds.org or 
Mormon.org.... No your not.Many people say, "I am a Mormon", but to be a real Mormon means to be an 
excellent person and follow the Jesus teaching 24hrs. 7 days a week, and 
live inspired lives so, "Be happy, be Mormon"!Though I'm atheist, this is still a nicely done video. It's important to be 
open minded, and while the LDS community can often anger me, it's important 
to not stereotype them all together, just like we don't want them to do to 
us. If she can cook, she will have no problem making me a sammich? Wow I suddenly feel enlightened to be Mormon........ xP@TaylorThaHick there is more than one profit , it is just said that 
mohammed is the last and bestoooh if you're a minority escaped to the United States because George Bush 
bombed your country here is how you are supposed to live...and still 
"preserve" your culture. lol This video is interesting enough, but I wish it told more about WHY she is 
a Mormon and HOW her LDS beliefs influence her life. It feels like it was 
just tagged on at the end that she's a Mormon.It's like an Apple Commercial for Mormons.catholics ftw!Thats right... Cook...sooooo basically their approach is "look at this happy family, oh btw 
they're mormon! see? see? such a nice family is mormon! you should be 
mormon too" without even discussing how being a mormon influenced her life 
or even the logic behind being a mormon. "Believe in God and Don't skimp on spices and there's nothing else you 
really need to know." What about the Universe and Ancient Civilizations, or 
Love and Compassion. Not to mention starving children world wide. But of 
course, "God" can clear all that up for us... right?I guess 130 don't like mormons >:-Bfrankly i dont understand all these videos, they are everywhere, "I am a 
mormon" i literally hear it every time im on youtube. i dont get why all of 
this is necessary, im christian and i dont go makin videos about it....0:29 Best. Toaster. Ever.If you really need help with cooking, watch epic meal time.Hi, Nadia. What a treat to get to see your kitchen demo on fried rice, but 
mostly to get to know of you! I have some fabulous 
Farsi-speaking/French-speaking friends, who come from Tehran, Iran. I love 
them so much! I don't know if you would like to correspond any, but I 
would! I'm not a Mormon. I would probably just say that I'm a Christian. 
While there are HUGE differences between these, they're not big enough to 
keep one from enjoying a new friendship, eh!? ...if you'd like. :) Cool story, bro.I watched a Youtube Video - and NOW I WANT TO BE MORMON! I guess 45 people don't like spices.The only way you can reconcile Islam and Mormonism, as this woman says she 
does, is to pretend they fit together. Islam says you either believe Allah 
is god and Muhammad is his prophet, or you do not. The is no room for 
Joseph Smith in that equation. she's a mormonhishe reminds me of the girl from the 39 clues the mother of Natalie and Ianthose kids are so freakin cute! especially the little girl with the 
pacifier. Also, that looks like some dang good curry! There is no deity worthy of worship exept Allah, and Muhmmad is his 
Messenger. Jesus also taught us to Worship one God, Never claimed divinty, 
and never said that he was "GOD" meaning he was a muslim, Preaching 
Monothsiem, And finnaly Quran 2:111 "And they say, "None shall enter 
Paradise unless he be a Jew or a Christian." These are their own desires. 
Say (O Muhammad Peace be upon him ), "Produce your proof if you are 
truthful"thank you for sharing you culture and love of life with everyone!