I'm a member of the church and am recently homeless. This video helps give 
me the strength to keep going.Incredible story.I love Alex Boye!! One of my heroes! I know him he comes here too utah alot and is in my ward! Woo!He's in the Piano Guys "Peponi" music video, isn't he?Brother Alex, you are an a true inspiration. May God bless you always and 
the universe provide you with immeasurable bounty. You are touching people 
with your work. God Bless and remain in the light.Nah, he's that same guysearch peponi on youtube and click the first result.... this guy is amazing!Alex Boyé is the singer in Peponi.the only reason i clicked the ad is because this guy looks a lot and i mean 
scarily a lot like the guy that was in the coldplay paradise/ peponi piano 
cover. O_O someone tell me im seeing things?who would dislike this?....like favorite loveTrue happiness comes from serving the Lord through whatever talents we 
possess. Thank you Alex Boye for sharing your talents that uplifts so many.These videos are not meant to advertise the LDS church. They are meant to 
uplift everyone who watches them. It's not for show, it's not for 
persusasion. For me personally, watching these videos makes me feel 
stronger, knowing that there are people from all walks of life, people from 
all around the world, rich or poor, who share the same beliefs and values 
that I do.These are examples of normal people who are also Members of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. This is an effort to reach out and break 
down some of the misconceptions that others have of our people. To discover 
more about the dotrine you are welcome to go to lds.org or mormon.org. 
These sites will help you understand more about what it is we believe. There's a lot of ppl on these videos that are not famous. They're just 
trying to show how God helped them in their lives, famous or not. seriously why do people downvote this? this guy is amazing!! truly 
inspiring story! The purpose of these videos is to show that "Mormons" are everyday people 
with dreams and aspirations. Alex Boyé is an awesome guy. Talented and 
hilarious!I think the purpose of the video is to break these misconceptions because 
the video had everything to do with being a mormon. This video embodies my hope for a future of non-criticism and true freedom 
of religion, and the dislike bar only proves why it's still a dream.I downvoted it for having nothing to do with these people being mormons.wow and they have to have comments approved on this vid. i bet my last 
comment and probably this one don't even make it on the site. how's that 
for censorship of religion?Why is there so much hate on this video? It's just a story about someone's 
life. They're not trying to convert you or anything.@TheTarheelRam no it's because all of America hates us and for no good 
reasonAn inspiring man who is an incredible witness of Christ!@TheTarheelRam as someone already said, these videos are meant to dispel 
stereotypes that have been circulating about the LDS religion (mormons). 
This video in particular deals with the problems of some thinking that 
mormons are rasist, and that people of a different skin color aren't 
allowed to join our church. Which can't be further from the truth. The 
videos are also supposed to show that we are the same as everybody else. 
That we come from all walks of life.@TheTarheelRam These videos are all about dispelling myths about mormons, 
not to brag about how great mormons are.Honestly speaking,its good to see people of different religions making a 
good life for themselves anywhere nowadays,but if your not a catholic or a 
protistant(spelled that wrong) christian,a lot of people are gonna jump 
down your throat about it,it's a sad fact but people are people,and 
generally speaking,they don't like whats outside their comfort zone.Now I 
personally don't have a particular religion of my own,but I still respect 
those who do,and I respect this man for his pride in his work.@abrahamisagreatman try mormonmessages a youtube channel that has tons of 
videos about what the LDS faith is all about. You can also try lds.org and 
mormon.org.I have lost any respect I had for normons. They try to convert by showing 
succesful people. Pathetic. Theres plenty succesful people that are 
jews,catholics,buddhist and so on. Religon has nothing to do with it.Who cares!! Being a mormon didnt make him get where he is now. Theres 
plenty of sucessful catholics, jews, muslims, buddhist. This has nothing to 
do with anything related to mormon.i used to be a mormon, but then i took an arrow to the knee.makes me proud to be one@abrahamisagreatman can I suggest a web site?@charlie6696696 533/~400,000, and it's a Mormon videoLoved this. how about a video of what your religion is about?Dude uh...I'm not Mormon, don't really care for them either, but the ones I 
have met are incredibly nice, regardless of what you believe in. I Don't 
think they deserve the kind of shit they've been getting, they've done 
nothing wrong.@Salamentarg We're trying to defend ourselves. @GettinJiggy98 cool story bro, think I'll stick with Buddhism, thanks.@Rangerwhat yeah me too, they say theyre christian but then they talk down 
to them and hate them for their beliefs. let them worship how, where, or 
what they may.@The14yearoldrapper1 yeah Im not a Mormon and im not sure if I could even 
call my self a christian but Mormonism seams not weird at all to me idk. I 
like how you aren't just dissing everyone else too man its good to see like 
idk good people because I dont care what people have faith in as long as 
there good people Lol 666 likes and I'm not a mormonIm not Mormon but I am religious and I love hearing a good story like this! 
YOU ROCK ALEX!@GettinJiggy98 Your username is 'GettinJiggy98' I'm sorry if I can't take 
you seriously!Does Mormonism provide dental?whats with all the hate this is way better than nigahiga and if you don't 
like it than don't watch iti really dont understand why this has so many dislikes...i thought mormans dont like blacksyes they WOULD have a bunch of black people in the mormon media now. black people ftwThe point of this vid is just to say hey we're normal, don't be hatin', but 
even I have to admit it's pretty corny.Awesome video@The14yearoldrapper1 Um, most people know you're normal people, just 
because of media slander doesn't mean you have to put out these endless 
advertisements.@The14yearoldrapper1 You are correct but I refuse to agree with someone 
named "The14yearoldrapper1".@SabrinaEntertainment its because none of this is related to being a mormon 
really. I dont think the dislikers have anything against mormons. This 
video is like me saying, Artist, Cosplayer and ATHEIST.i bet you if he didnt say i am a mormon this viedo would be all thumbs up you know there may be people out there that are mormon that are you best 
friends and you dont even know it... why be rude just because you dont 
believe the religion? really you dont see mormons talking bad or being rude 
about Catholics or Jews do you?Ill be honest here, Im not a mormon and dont really like the religion after 
studying it. However there are two things I did notice: they are very VERY 
big into family and they are very sincere people. I would never become a 
mormon, but I would never bash them for being one.@headllamp It does, it's him sharing his testimony, how he gained it, and 
how the church has changed his life.@charlie6696696 There are actually over 14.1 million Mormons in the world.Cool story bro, lets add some dragons and fire to complete the saga.Am a atheist,u jelleh?@SabrinaEntertainment It's cause he's black AND mormon AND British! LOL@OfcIturm96 Yeah but after watching these videos I realized that all the 
Church is trying to show is who the Mormons are since there's so much 
misunderstanding. These videos are showing people that they're normal peopleThese videos are made to show that mormons are all different and come from 
different backgrounds.Nice vid I guess@TheMokafan Because haters are gonna hate. It's just a story, but when 
people see "Mormon," they freak out.nope.avi@SabrinaEntertainment Its not because hes a mormon, its because people not 
only are irrational and close-minded, but they hold almost an arrogance for 
what they use to determine right and wrongChristianity is not a religion its a relationship @anarchydance religion is and always has been extremely relevant. look at 
the news, look at history. Religion has been the reason for terrible 
conflicts, the biggest the world has seen, not to mention the foundations 
of the greatest alliance. just because you don't believe doesn't make the 
truth invalid. There are always doubters. and myths come from somewhere, if 
you insist on that particular phrase, every childs' tale has a moral, a 
grain of truth.@anarchydance religion is very relevant. look at the news. look at history, 
its been the basis of the biggest wars and greatest alliances in the world. 
Just because you don't happen to believe doesn't mean its not true. Don't 
spread the darkness of doubt. Notice how happy, honest and sincere he is. 
He is an example of the believers. What are you an example of?@pabanil certainly, it's a relationship with Jesus Christ, our Lord and 
Savior. Thank you for pointing that out! (:Okay, what is the point of this....he's British.....get over it. If he was from america, it'd be a whole 
'nother story.I can't for the life of me figure out why there are so many dislikes...@SabrinaEntertainment because life accomplishments have no relevence 
religion, and advertising religion is just plain weird.@anarchydance Or maybe Christianity is making them happy. Dude leave them 
alone there not forcing you to become a mormon. If you want a religion to 
hate hate the muslims, oh but wait unlike the mormons if you attack there 
beliefs they will kill you. There a peaceful religion there is no need to 
be hostile against them.@anarchydance ^+1@dapx32 honestly, their religious beliefs are nothing unusual. they believe 
in god, and jesus, and most of the rumors you hear about them aren't 
remotely true. like they have more than one wife. they just teach morals 
and stuff. the only different thing is that they believe they should rest 
on sunday and spend time with their families. also, they have the book of 
mormon, which is a whole other discussion haha. my mother is a mormon, and 
I grew up in a mormon church and family."I'm a Mormon." "...and i'm a PC."Should have been on the Voice lol @dapx32 These commercials weren't made to teach what Mormons believe in. 
They are more to show that Mormons aren't a bunch of weirdos, but are 
normal people. If you want to know what Mormons believe in visit the 
website mormon.org@TheNondiscriminatory you are also my hero.@anarchydance actually it is, unfortunately. war on terror is fueled by the 
isreal, palestine conflict which is fueled by religious reasons. religious 
politics are trying to take rights away from gays, yet claiming religion is 
to big..................................there are countless examples. YET 
ALL RELIGIONS CLAIM TO BE PEACEFUL. BSMormon church LOVES this dude, because he's black... and the Mormon church 
is constantly accused of being racist. Poster Child if there ever was one. @livethetruth1109 You don't have to be Mormon to have "hope, purpose, and 
peace." Millions of people have all of that and have nothing to do with 
religion at all... including Mormonism. Hahaha, woooow. Such ignorance from the commentators below.@anarchydance its not a myth its all based on real events if they were god 
or aliens or they was high is up to interpretation@TheNondiscriminatory Jesus Christ... Nice post man!@TheNondiscriminatory I'm assuming that you think that we're saying only we 
can have a life that does good the people who say that our saying compared 
to the mass of society our religion acts more like this. and i appreciate 
what you do and hope you inspire people as well. thank you@MsBadluck13 Yes.@gardea101 There are religions all over that advertise their 
religion....not just mormons. e.i. All of sudden some people of the jehovah 
witness faith started knocking on my door on a weekly basis, giving my 
family flyers about how the world is ending ... (i don't tell them to go 
away because it is rude). I do think that mormons advertise more than most 
but that is mainly because they can afford it and they feel like it is 
necessary for their faith to grow more worldwide. If people are so annoyed by religion & feel that it is so detrimental to 
their lives and to society... then why did you click on this video. Is it 
because you have nothing better to do in your lives & you wanted to share 
your boredness and internal envy with the world. These people as well as 
other religions(not just mormons) just want to show everyone what they 
believe in & how it makes them happy. If you find happiness in no religion 
then good for you. You'll find out the truth when you die...@anarchydance Just what Satan wants you to believe...why are there so many dislikes, it was an inspirational story. just becuz 
hes morman means u automatically disagree with him? :(@TheNondiscriminatory legendary troll @jacksmack77 He has a wicked haircut and enjoys boogey boarding. Frank 10:13