Great man. ﻿Awesome! I love to see someone who not only loves their job, but also can 
appreciate trials but finds peace and solace in the scriptures and chooses 
not to dwell on all the loss and damage done daily. What a hero!I love how people forget all about tolerance when speaking about Mormons. 
Why? They are some of the kindest, most hard working people out there. Is 
it because there's less of them? Their religion is just as valid as 
whatever yours is. Learn to respect your fellow human beings.Great video! I love watching Joel Osteen, Les Brown, Wayne Dyer etc. I put 
on Mozart softly in the back ground.My family isn't from the suburbs but we are black mormons. I grew up in a 
tough neighboorhood and the LDS missornaries came to us with the gospel. I 
have both my parents present. Some LDS families who live in the suburbs 
don't have that so I would be careful what you say. Wow Amazing. Beautiful story about just plain life:) Thanks for sharing with us this video. I know that disappointments of life 
are hard, but you are strong and look at life positively. I know your faith 
in God will sustain you in your time of need. God bless!Because people keep trying to say we aren't. Haha, it's because there's a 
huge bias against mormons a lot of the time, and, frankly, it's a little 
annoying. I've been asked how many mothers I have, how many wives I'll 
have, I've even been asked if I have horns on my head. THAT is why we do 
this. Cause some people just have some straight up crazy Ideas about us :PI can't see why anyone would down vote this video. This is a great guy who 
does great things.Thank you Devin Gales for sharing your story! Fantastic!I'm a husband and father of one son. I'm a regular blue collar worker. My 
wife and I both work to make ends meet and I'm also a Christian.Mormons don't do good to prove that they're good, they do it because they 
love to do it. Mormons are taught what true charity is and its not to do it 
for gain or anything, mormons are simply trying to follow the example Jesus 
Christ has always taught. Love others, treat others with kindness. You're misinformed. In June of 1978, the LDS First Presidency stated that 
God, by revelation, would now allow all worthy male members in the LDS 
Church to receive the priesthood as well as "blessings of the temple." This 
"revelation," known as Official Declaration 2, can be found in printed form 
at the end of the Doctrine and Covenants.The reason why Mormons are doing this, namrata221, is because they are a 
religion much maligned and misunderstood. Because of the many falsehood 
that are spread about them, they are often viewed as strange and weird and 
don't live life the way other Christians do. Well nothing can be further 
from the truth. Mormons are normal people too just like other Christians 
are. That's the whole crux of this I'm a Mormon campaign. you clearly dont know anything about mormons.I"m a mormon and i've never 
heard one mormon say that.And I think I'd know.this guy saves lives!! why would you downvote this??@qqw52 No it doesn't. @qqw52 That's not true... anyone can join the mormons@qqw52 Mormons dont believe that.@qqw52 no we dont lol @qqw52 No, you've heard incorrectly. Mormons welcome people of ALL races. :)Tough times come to everyone. Having faith helps us overcome challenges.@qqw52 In the Book of Mormon it states the "curse" was lifted a loong time 
ago. The curse was only set so the nephities could tell who the lamanites 
were(so they could avoid, not be tempted by, ect.) Sooo. Yeah. Just so you 
know.@mrclarkkentfly He spelled it right...I've yet to meet a black Mormon from the hood...or a colored (anyone who 
isn't white) Mormon who DOESN'T talk like they're from the suburbs. (Valley 
girl sounding) At times, I feel like the only kinds of people who become 
Mormon, are those who were raised in good homes. Why is that? Is it just a 
HUGE coincidence that my 8 Mormon friends grew up in the suburbs, with both 
parents present? @qqw52 where does it say that? and you spelled there wrong. lolsObviously more people take your faith seriously than do not & I'm no 
different. How are you celebrating the nations upcoming birthday?why do they feel like they have something to prove? @2DFLY No, hes just a good guy. Why do all good black people have to be 
labeled as "white". @qqw52 Do research before you pst please. And don't go on the internet! Ask 
a missionary@qqw52 everyone is treated equal in the church@07Redstang They're just trying to prove that Mormons are everyday people 
and they are not some racist, weird people, as many think them to be. I've watched a few of these videos and I noticed that a lot of the 
marriages are interracial. @qqw52 actual thats a lie propagated by other religions.@07Redstang great question. I believe the point is just to show that 
mormons lead pretty normal lives. they have dreams, hopes, and aspirations 
just like anyone else and they try to be good people. there is a lot of 
false notions about who mormons are and these videos attempt to give an 
inside view of mormon lives so people can decide for themselves if the 
rumors are true. @qqw52 or so you thought...well, maybe it's good that these videos help 
dispel a lot of the misconceptions that are out there. He's officially the whitest black guy ive ever seencan anyone tell me the point of all these "and im a mormon" videos. im 
honestly curious, and not trollin at this point in time@CliffM85 There are American Muslims, even though a small group of Muslims 
attacked the US. Why can't there be black Christians even though a small 
group of Christians subjected their ancestors to slavery? People of all and 
no religion do terrible things--but that doesn't mean religion itself is 
bad.@qqw52 How can there be black Christians? They'd have to admit that slavery 
was for a greater good. Every black Christian would, hypothetically, have 
to be thankful of their ancestors being put into slavery because they were 
exposed to Jesus.I don't understand why people dislike this video, he seems like a nice guy, 
its a shame people are like this, I can see a lot of effort was put in nice 
job.This video is very inspiring. This guy has faced a ton of adversity and 
seen some of the most horrible moments in people's lives. Yet he found a 
way to live a peaceful happy life. I have just gained a new hero today.how can there be black mormons.... there religion states that black people 
are those cursed by their godI'm a black Mormon too! This man is like my dad!I'd love to see a line of videos like this for Jews or Muslims to see what 
kind of feedback they get if Mormons get such negative feedback.@katefeider I think it is just those people who want to promote contention 
I have seen several on youtube would would vote thumbs down just because 
they hate Mormons even though if they actually knew these people and those 
practicing their faith they'd be grateful to have them for co-workers and 
neighbors.Thank you for sharing the message and 'good news' of our Lord and Saviour 
Jesus Christ. Black people do not age! He looks so young! He better get it!Awesome. What a great guy. I don't understand why people gave this 
thumbs-down, I don't get it.Awesome, what a guy.Hey a black mormon:)There is only one way to forgive, and thats from the heart :)