wow... that brought the sprit to me.. :)  Very down to earth, and inspiring Lady. Loves Family Art and Nature and 
Jesus Christ. Me Too. I love Art, Family and Jesus Christ.great video! thanks for sharing Loved the video ! Thanks Kathy for sharing with us a little part of your 
life ! I am a member of the church, and just as you said it, the more I get 
to know people , and learn about other cultures , the closer I get to 
Heavenly Father.... I am so grateful that I was raised in a religion that 
encourages its members to be respectful of all beliefs .... that only 
reflects the teachings of Jesus Christ .. The Universal Body of Christ is very important to understand; every 
Christian church, regardless of denomination, is a separate piece of the 
Universal Body of Christ world-wide. I think each denomination provides a 
community atmosphere of common beliefs, which people need, but 
denominationalism throughout the world has made the church look 
inconsistent. I will only adhere to the name Christian; I am a Christian. 
And I am not a follower for I am a sovereign individual, like god. I lead!What a lifestyle! That looks like a blast!What a nice way to share what is important to someone. Some of these posts 
have asked why someone would make a video like this. It is certainly not 
"pushing" religion on anyone; no one is forced to watch it. For those who 
WANT to know more about members of the church, however, this is a great way 
to get a look into their lives and to dispel misunderstandings. It also 
reflects the desire many members of the Church feel to share what has 
brought them happiness with others. I'm so impressed by their love! Does she live in New Mexico? It reminds me of home!o wow, mormon people are just like any other people? I totally did not know 
that till I watched this videoI want to be this woman's neighbor. She exudes beauty. Loved this! I LOVE this video. I love Kathleen's lifestyle (it's so like what our 
family is choosing!) and I loved A World of Faith many years ago when I 
bought it to share with my children. My name is Heather, I am a writer, I 
live on a farm, I imagine and create learning events for children, and I am 
a Mormon, too! A testimony is hardly an Advertisement. With all the questions going around 
about mormonism with Mitt Romney and all, isn't this a refreshing way to 
give a perspective of what their church is about? It is better to post 
videos encouraging a positive outlook on the religion than YouTube getting 
overloaded with videos that could be highly incorrect assumptions. There is 
no shame in speaking up.I like your job really enjoyedhi kathy. way to go, doin' a mormonad- ha. betcha ne'er thought it would 
e'er come to this. new tech, new world, yadayada. gotta get with timez. and 
to get Pete to stand in a shot w/ ya- wow! ha. "i'm gonna go change now." i 
kno he loves ya- he told me several times, tho not in words so much. fun to 
learn more 'bout your art, tho not surprising to me- you've chosen & 
developed a divine gift. small town livin', worldwide p.o.v. thanx for 
sharin'. really enjoyed this!!! thanksits truley saddens me to see how misguided the secular christian is. to 
compare our forgiving lord to the pagan idols of say islam, is truley 
heritical. i beg the true seeker to seek His salvation and be willing to 
starve for his gift of eternal life with no regard for satan's 
deceptions(health, wealth,security, diversity) in this life. You don't need to make a commercial about your religion to prove to people 
that your religion is a right religion. Mormons are nice people, but may I ask, what religion advertises itself? 
That is, over the media, I mean, I have never seen another religion 
advertise itself like this... They (not to label the people of the Mormon 
religion) are nice people, don't get me wrong..45 people dont like religion being thrown in their face as a suggested video@ListeninqToMusic because mormons have A LOT of money and apparently 
they're spending a lot of it on trying to get people to not hate mormons so 
much HAHAHAWHAT TRICKERY IS THIS???????35 people don't like other religionsDidn't really mean it, mormons are nice people.and I'm a jewI didn't know she was a mormon until the end. You don't have to be a mormon 
to do any of this stuff... god does not exhist.OK, this girl is my soul sister! Wish we could be friends.Cool video! I like how she respects all of the other religions of the 
world, and lets other people's faith in God confirm her own beliefs instead 
of feeling threatened by them. I think that most people would agree that 
there is good in every religion and it is worth the time to learn something 
about our neighbors of different faiths. good peopleI love these videos!! They make it so easy to stay close to the church, 
even when on the internet, being a regular teenager!!oh my gosh!!!! i know kathy peterson!!! and STEVE!! i’ve done service 
projects form birch creek service ranch at their house! love them<3 I'm an artist and a mormon, too!!I love this lady, she's awesome and she kind of reminds me or me a bit. I 
love getting to briefly meet these different LDS members from around the 
world, thanks so much for making these!Love it!!! What a nice video. She seems like the type of person any of us would be 
happy to call our friend. Plus, she's one heck of a good artist too. An Artist of the Highest Beauty and Utmost Health Is With This Lady's 
Exhibit of Lifestyle. Thank You For Sharing.Beautiful video and art as well. Thank you for sharing =DI wonder where she lives... does anyone have an idea??? This is my favorite 
"i am a mormon" video yet!!! I love her art work. Very beautiful. Thanks for the video.