That's an understandable reaction, but if you understood how Mormons 
usually feel when confronted with the strange stereotypes that outsiders 
place on us, you'd understand why it is that our Church is making these 
videos. In a perfect world this wouldn't be necessary, but it's human 
nature to label and place stereotypes on people and we're trying to combat 
that.I'm a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints too!This multi-million dollar advertising is very similar to the "I am a 
Scientologist" advertising campaign.@sikvenum82 Well our church wanted people to know that we are not weird, 
and to destroy some of the negative stereotypes about our church. The 
videos also allows those who are interested to learn about our beliefs. We 
want to spread our glad message throughout the world. WITHOUT THE SHEDDING OF BLOOD THERE IS NO REMISSION OF SINS!!!!! JESUS 
CHRIST BLOOD AND THAT ALONE CAN SAVE A MAN!!!!I DONT HATE MORMONS BUT WHAT KIND OF RELIGION HAS A WEBSITE?Mormons cant have mind altering things pretty much they cant have fun and 
they believe in god which isnt real. So basically that sums up a buzzkill.Does anyone else find it disconcerting that Mormons feel the need to make 
videos to show how normal they are? The more they do it the more I feel 
suspicious of them. @xxpkinggodxx For me when I interact with people, or I approach difficult 
situations, I use lessons I have learned in life. When you understand that 
christians are taught to love God and serve him and see their actions 
echoing that lesson, the two can be attributed to each other. Likewise as 
members of the LDS faith interact with their communities and approach 
difficult situations they use the lessons they are taught. Therefore 
someones belief wither in god or in humanity will echo in actions.@auTOMaticAD haha ya i wouldnt say all mormons are good people. because 
people are human so some just are differenti do not get what this has to do with being a mormon?@sfmcrfuller Agree with MishkaHughes. God has worked many miracles before - 
the flooding of the earth and parting the Red Sea for example. But we must 
rely on the the Spirit of God to confirm these things to us. I too know the 
Book of Mormon is true.I am a mormon, and I will always be a mormon, support me by liking and 
commenting on my comment!!!!!!! Go mormons, all mormons are great people...@TheTerminakill I find it very uplifting and inspiring to see these stories 
of people living out their lives in faith, and being able to be faithful 
LDS people while living out many different types of lives. I don't find it 
sad at all, but very encouraging!@sfmcrfuller No, we don't believe that. We believe that people from Israel 
came to the Americas, but it was not by that route...and why isn't it 
logical? Besides, not everything is always logical when it comes to 
faith--you can know something is true even if it seems impossible by the 
world's standards. I know that the Book of Mormon is true--just like this 
man said, I feel it in my heart. No one could have just told me--I read it 
and prayed and had it confirmed in my heart that it is true.Great Video. I love the Austrian people. I never was able to go to Vienna, 
but toured Salzburg. Your good example is a light in the forest that will 
grow in the world. Thanks for your great example. By the way, Your English 
is great! :) awesome vid, thx!Wait is this the religion that believes that a tribe from Israel went on a 
boat from the Mediterranean to California? Thats totally logical. Right?1st!!!!!!Why are you guys just mixing up person stories and just linking them to 
religion, thats just sad, playing with people feeling and belief in order 
to show a "good" of a religionThe Secular Anglo European stereotype is so dominate these days. It is 
quite refreshing to see a devout religious European that isn't Muslim.