Inspirational and you have christ like attributes. Well done﻿This is a good storyGreat video, White family! You are inspirations to us all. Miss you guys.I love being a Mormon to help like him i am a tech reviewer and i am a mormon... this is a awesome video....You know, even though I am not Mormon, I find all of these stories 
beautiful! There is so much love in these people! I kind of of get teary 
eyed!We Mormons can do anything!!Thank you for protecting and serving and for sharing your story!Chip, you're also a great AmericanI think that's fantastic that C. White can see the worst in people, and 
still view them as children of God, who deserve respect. He sounds like a 
perfect role model for youth!Greetings from a thankful and grateful Mormon here in Arizona ! Keep the 
faith! The gospel is such an amazing thing to have in our lives. That's why we are 
here. Without a doubt. Religion is no way to teach somebody a way of God. God wants us to go out 
into the world & preach his word, the Bible. I'm not hating on Mormons, but 
i watched this video of a Christian discussing the Bible over the book of 
mormon & the man representing the book of mormon was so distraught because 
we put the Bible & the book of mormon through the same tests. All of the 
prophecies in the book of mormon did not come true & all of the ones in the 
Bible did. I come here in Love, not anything else. I am so proud to be a Mormon. And grateful as well.i love this (:i agree (:Yet another good person who is part of the thin-blue line between freedom 
and anarchy.Legend.I like how he treats everybody with respect. That means something coming 
from him. He deals with people that most won't respect. Thanks!Love this. So well done!!LOL me either. ._. why are these in my suggestion box?I'm notThis would be a great movie trailer. :)I wish all cops were just like you Chip! I love the way you view your job 
and the people who need your help.I am all those things except being a cop. I cant wait to be a cop. I have a 
couple more years in the army then I am on my way. NiceNice. Thanks for what you do. Tough job. Be safe.Great video! 