I'm in Love.... ﻿I'd heard that he was a member, but you can never believe rumors of famous 
Mormons. I now have a huge 
appreciation for him, and his music.﻿So glad to see what a "normal" Mormon guy you are. Thanks for sharing your 
story.﻿Seems like a human to me, more than a mormon, whoever that is.I saw this video in my business management 241 class at BYU, and it's 
amazing that the artists in today's music industry, are influenced by 
drugs, wealth, and power. It's great that there are artists like Brandon 
and Alex Boye who create music that helps people feel that there is a 
positive perspective towards life, that ultimately our goal is to helps 
others reach their true potential. Keep up the great work Brandon!!!There are many cool Mormons in all fields of endeavor. For example, 
electronic television that we are looking at now was invented my Philo 
Farnsworth and stereo was invented by Harvey Fletcher, both Mormons.He's not the leader of the band so How could he? The other ones count too, 
You know?Maybe he should change their name to 'The Lovers' :)hahahahhaa me too.... It has shown that they are every day people. Brandon has a life, a home, a 
family, hobbies. a faith and a career. Yes his career has led to him being 
well known, but just because his job isn't in an office or something, it 
doesn't mean that he isn't a normal human being. He has all the elements of 
a normal life.HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! COME TO COSTA RICAWave down some missionaries next time you see them, or ask a Mormon friend! 
They can help you.Great video, thanks for sharing it.Keep the fire burning Brandon.Brandon Flowers is in my cousins ward in Las Vegas, even though he is like 
never there because he is on tour all the time.It´s not just a story it´s a lifestyle you have to live to learn about it, 
you won´t know the truth by looking at youtube videos, you have to read the 
book of mormon, talk with missionaries, just my recommendation(: it is done in this campaign because most people carry a certain stereotype 
with Mormons. By saying "and I am a Mormon" after telling their life story 
or whatever they wanted to share, the viewer realizes that there are 
Mormons of all walks in life, even on their iPods.my name is alicia, and im a catholic? its so weird how u guys do this...i love mormon I have a lot of respect for him. Most, if not all people that enter into 
fame and fortune leave the church. He's a great example to all I love this guys band But you know what I was thinking... wouldn't it be 
better to explain the story that is the basis of the Mormon religion, than 
to just show that Mormons are normal people too? Cause I've seen this sort 
of commercial a zillion times, but honestly don't even know the Mormon storyThis guy is amazing, a singer and really cares about singing clean lyrics 
from the heart. I wish all singers could understand that music can be good, 
and clean and wholesome at the same time. Clean music is getting harder and 
harder to find in a decaying world of sin and worldliness. Always knew he was lovely, but not just how much. I love that he is 
obviously so devoted to his family.Go to mormon dot org'I MAKE MUSIC AND SING SONGS' ILYSuch a beautiful blessed family! Brandon is such a talented/gifted 
songwriter and singer. I wish there were more like him right now! His 
artistry inspires me in my own work; and his wife's example inspires me in 
my mothering/family life. I hope great things continue for them.Love your voice! Thanks for your example!"...a chamber in your heart." so true.Do you mean a Mormon, or a singer? I am a Mormon and, so happy I made that 
choice. It's the best part of my life Rockboy360. Please respond and tell 
me your answer, I am curious.~Dorothyveja os videos vinicius adoradorOne day, I'll be one of those, I hope so.Don't we all? :Pme gustaría verlo en español o con subtitulo... Gracias!love this.Man do I wish to seat behind him just to hear him sing hymns!!! : )Awesome video. Thanks! By the way....you guys rock!I just looked up your songs i havnt hurd and i was like dang his voice 
sounds like the dude from the killers and then i found out you are! i didnt 
know you were morman thats the coolest thing ever Don't just hope, do it! There's a reason why you're on this earth at this 
time, and I am convinced, it is NOT for small things. You WILL change the 
world.You'll do it. I believe in you!Ok just pointing out Brandon said he's a a Father...he's a Husband...then 
he's a Mormon...in that order... Not how it has been posted in this 
title....it's important.Obrigada pelo exemplo Brandon :)I'm sat here watching this video in tears because he looks so happy with 
his family and he made it to a place in life where I want to be, I'm scared 
i'll never get there and I know i have to become more familiar with 
rejection...I just want to change the world, No matter how I do it. I want 
to die knowing i've acheaved something and i've helped someone in the world 
and that I won't be forgotton..I hope I can acheve this with my music as he 
has done.Dang I wish i had missionary boys like him come over for dinner!I have SO MUCH respect for Brandon after this! Great!Crossfire, from his single Flamingo, is the first song that's played. What songs were played?That was cool! Love their music and had no idea he is a Mormon.If you can't be real --who are you?? I hope your religious beliefs govern 
your behavior. If they don't , who are you? do you have any ? where is your 
life going?It's so adorable at 2:28. So so cute. i am Mormon and if you wont to understand what this is about ( not only 
this video but all of them) there are 3 ways 1. go to a lds chruch 2. ask 
someone you know that is mormon or 3. find a lds missoinary. hmmm from what I can tell this is one of the only mormon videos with more 
likes than dislikes... now why is that??Goodly said. I like the video, I wish them the best.Brandon Flowers is awesome! I feel so connected to him and his music. I like this video and I like Brandon's music. I wish him continued success!I just love Brandon Flowers a lot. He is such a classy guy! Plus I feel 
like I know him even though I don't. Probably because he had the same music 
teacher in school that I did, he is mormon like me, and he grew up in Nephi 
Utah. Everytime I drive through Nephi I listen to a killers song :)His kids are so cute :3his always been skinny, he usually just has multiple layers of clothingI don't, that beautiful family of his wouldn't be his for all time and 
eternity if he were, and that's just sad. Everything you do, every part of your life affects you in every aspect 
possible. In Brandon Flower's case, being Mormon affects his music. It 
really does. You probably don't even understand because you don't 
understand Mormon religion. There's so many meanings in his lyrics because 
of his understanding of the gospel. Any Mormon that listens to his music 
most likely has a better understanding of his music. Just Saying.Brandon Flowers... Coolest mormon on the face of the planet!This was edited and I don't like the way it was edited. I love Brandon 
flowers music, and his religion has no effect on the music, Just like yusuf 
Islam"s music. In fact the music in my opinion as an atheist has more 
meaning because it comes from a mans truth not his denomination.What is a mormonhe lost a lot of weight... he look so thinI'd rather he was an orthodox christian :( I love him still though.We ARE Christian, not a mixture, and NO LDS people now are polygamists, 
FACT!! and the point of mormonism is just simple happiness and families :DHaha Nah, it's not a mixture. We believe in the bible and it's teachings as 
far as they are translated correctly, but it's not a mixture. And although 
some LDS people were polygamists many, many years ago, it is not something 
Latter Day Saints practice now. You're right, there's no way he has a 
lover. :)His sons are so cute, just like their father ;)while I would understand why people take a disliking to mormonism it can be 
a very close minded religion but what religion isn't? Brandon Flowers 
proved otherwise and he's very open minded and very different, which is 
something I love about him.and whats the point of being a mormon? i know its mixture of christian 
religion and something... :D but its true, that they can have many wifes? i 
dont think that brandon is one of those people, he loves only his family, 
only his wife and i dont believe that he has a lover i am a mormon yes on 8 the killers are awesome it would be sweet if brandon 
flowers was in my ward And the sexiest man alive.Mormons RULE yes on 8No, someone's been lying to you, hahaha...I love u Brandon! The Church Of Latter Day Saints is the official name for Latter Day Saints 
or Mormons.HA some ones been lying to you sorry, i am lds and the jehovahs are a 
completely different church and believe in different things.Mormons are 
awesome XDAnyone else notice that neither of the top comments are about Brandon 
himself? Let me start. He's incredible and I'm so glad we get the chance to 
listen to his beautiful voice.The Killers haven't broken up, to the best of my knowledge?This man has has my respect!the Jehovah's witnesses and the church of Jesus Christ of latter-Day saints 
have nothing to do with one another, except that both religions have some 
members going door to door proselyting, and even that is done in very 
different ways between both churches...Jehovas witnesses is different from Latter day Saints(aka "mormons") The band is back together. They have been for months, and a new album is 
scheduled for 2012. What a great video. Brandon is very articulate and heartfelt. I've been a 
Latter Day Saint all my life and a huge Killers fan before I even knew 
Brandon was a Mormon. He writes fantastic music that is so inspirational to 
me. The Killers are my favorite band, I hope they get back together. I 
respect and understand why people leave the Church. There has never been a 
day in my life I didn't wake up more liberal than the day 
before...likewise, my Testimony stronger than the day before. Love him :)Is the church of the latter day saints the official name for the jehovahs 
witnessess, or has someone been lying to me again?They don't just make "I'm a Mormon" videos for nothing. Take Gabe Reid, for 
example. He was a NFL lineman for the Chicago Bears a couple years back. He 
himself is in a "I'm a Mormon" video. Is the video tricky? No, because he 
is an active member of the church who attends church every sunday with his 
family and comes to Mutual and he lives the gospel. How do I know all this? 
Because I'm a youth in his ward. These videos aren't tricky. They're 
uplifting and they show the strength of our members. have you heard him live though. he's still good and sounds pretty much the 
same. :)This is awesome!!! Brandon Flowers strengthened my testimony of our 
Church!!!great role model"Mother, it's cold here. Father, they will be done. Thunder and Lightning 
crashing down, They have me on the run, Direct me to the Son. Redemption, 
keep my covers clean..." -Brandon Flowers, "Only the Young" What is he 
saying?The almost universal sentiment that life is hard, an acknowledgement 
of his submission to God, and his prayer that Deity will watch over him and 
lead him to the Son of God.(It also seems that he is addressing his 
passed-on mother, as well). This is no ordinary song.While I do not subscribe to Brandon's personal religious convictions, 
everything he says in this video is incredibly insightful and heartfelt, 
and I am proud of him for sticking to what he believes in, and not backing 
down from his beliefs. I'm a HUGE Killers fan and hope to see the band get 
back together, and I am glad to see that he doesn't have to change who he 
is to be a successful musician.every one is entitled to their own opinion and to choose their own 
direction you are absolutely right, i myself am a mormon but i value 
difference, i still don't like people leaving the church though, because i 
believe that they could be so much happier, i just find it really sad no 
offenseI'm not a Mormon but every one I've met seems really nice ^^ Brandon is 
awesome!very articulately stated! It's called "On the Floor".and the Church would make a video of him because....? Awesome video and message. Go Brandon!Jenny was a friend of mine, oh come on, oh come on, oh come on. 
W-W-W-Woah!! Very insightful 