I AM ALSO A MORMON CURRENTLY IN HONDURAS AND I AM PROUD OF YOU KELLY 
LINEBACK....GOD BLESS!!! the point is to show that negative preconceived notions about mormons 
aren't true...theyre just happy normal people...Are you asking because you're not sure if Mormons believe in Baptism? I 
assure you, they do. Baptism is symbolic of the death and resurrection of 
the savior, washing away of our sins, and coming out or rising out of the 
water a follower of Christ, or "slave of Christ" if that's how you rather 
describe it. Mormons, however feel a need for the clergy baptizing you to 
have authority, as Christ sought after John the Baptist. I would like to ask a question about what Mormons believe in Baptism. I 
believe, being baptisted is acknowledging and establishing a close 
relationship with Jesus Christ as our Savior. I feel this act can be 
preformed by any clergy elder, as long as Jesus Christ is considered the 
focal point and the reasoning for this act. It's a giving of our self will 
to follow in Jesus' footsteps, to be as He was on this earth, our example 
to follow. To become a slave for Christ.@scottwilmunder I believe that's the point.. that their religion doesn't 
affect who they are .__.@haloreachownsfeggedy im happy today and im a mormon@xxwsdxxwsd They come up as related in EVERY video I watch.@crazydog752 because i'm bored, i love trolling, and i'm a mormon.@xxwsdxxwsd i just LOVE trolling though! i cant stop :(Im Honduran....Mormon or not, kelly is a babei watch these videos for the comments i have to say theyre pretty freakin 
funny@xxwsdxxwsd I watch them for the comments. :DConvert to Mormonism and I'll fix your teeth!@scottwilmunder Teeth?Is it bad that the Mormon religion feels pressured to promote vids claiming 
their normality? I have a best friend who is a Mormon so I am not slamming 
them but I really DON'T understand the purpose behind these vids.@scottwilmunder They want to show how great Mormons can be. ummmmmmm this is oneof the reasons why I left the Mormon church and now i 
am a proud unitarian universalist @NutritiouslyHigh not true because some people stereotype them as having 
multiple wives@USAconstitut1on this is because people make rumors about the religion 
because they are too afraid to learn about it like you. people think we 
believe in polygamy which we do not its just to show that morman is just 
another religion just like every other church@scottwilmunder shes a dentist that is mormon shes not saying thats why 
shes a dentist or morman shes just telling you a little about her life so 
you can furtherly understand her and other mormansI watch these when I'm bored@scottwilmunder *Sigh* Why on every video in this series is there someone 
who misunderstands what this series is about?! The video isn't saying that 
dentistry has anything to do with being Mormon. It is saying that Mormons 
are average people. That is all. Geez guys, come on, use some common sense!@xxwsdxxwsd I'm not hating, and I don't hate the videos, but I was confused 
what the purpose was for. And I didn't know they were stereotyped, not 
around here. It's mainly Pentecostals around here. But thank you for 
explaining.@xxwsdxxwsd Do you even know any mormons?thank you so much for fixing my teeth. i'm the white guy in the chair 1:30 
thankyou kelly when i was there you and your group were very nice and 
helpful.@scottwilmunder in my dental class of 27 students 5 are mormon. 
UofSaskatchewan Class of 2012. I think that these videos are showing that 
Mormons are normal people. The mormons in my class are really great people.@scottwilmunder Everything, Scott, everything.@xxwsdxxwsd Mormons showed up to my house. On bicycles. They ARE what 
people stereotype.Hey thats aimee!!!! shes so big! i want to go to honduras! bring me next 
time@xxwsdxxwsd I know, I've noticed how pretty much all of these videos have 
been invaded by the Mormon haters because they have a lot of dislikes. 
What's worse is that some of the haters seem to be other Christians. 
Doesn't the Bible say to love everyone and not judge people? I'm not a 
Mormon but I don't hate them at all, I think they are wonderful people who 
strive to be Christ-like, much more so than some other Christians!Ah, mormons. freak people the point of these videos is to just show that mormons are 
normal people with jobs and a life not what people stereotype them as 
church freaks. and if people really hate mormons stop watching their 
videos.....So, is it only Mormon Dentists who are orchestrating the apocalypse, and 
the rest are merely fot soldiers? Gingivitis rulez!!!!@Gondring Thats funny...at least you do admit that mormons help others...i will marry the daughter! REALLY!!!!!!! Contact me if you read this! Tall, 
blond, athletic, degree'd guy ready to marry!Theology wrong? Why?@Gondring, Often people ignore the good. Thank you for your comment. =)Kelly's daughter daughter is pretty and i want to help aslo. If you dislike this video, you must really hate your dentist. Way to sneak that useless piece of information there at the end. People 
should help people because its the right thing to do, not because someone 
tells you to. Damn, I came here for a cool story about a female linebacker. This is full 
of Mormonism. FailOh and, having comments need approval, is a sign of denial. Why don't you 
let the public speak? You guys make me sick.Good job, everyone! Many people are helped by the LDS activities, even if 
the theology is wrong. Thank you. it makes me really happy to see that u take your time to go to my country 
and help my people :) thanks, and ur daughter is super cute + hott :) lol