I'm agnostic, more on the atheist side of it, but I wholeheartedly support 
what Lindsey believes in and what she does.
-one of her fans from Hungary, Europe﻿Lindsey you are a true inspiration.
You inspire all people to follow their dreams.﻿We believe in Christ as the literal Son of God and He died for us on the 
cross and was resurrected. I have a personal testimony of Jesus Christ as 
my Lord and my God. His grace has blessed my life. This is what the 
Latter-day Saints believe. We are Saints as spoken of by Paul. Disciples of 
Christ. Too many people unrighteously judge us and say we are not 
Christians. How would you like it if they did that to you? Jesus said do 
unto others as you would that they should do unto you. We testify we are 
Christians and we try to live as He would have us live and we preach it the 
world over as He commanded. Why judge us not to be Christians. Jesus said 
judge righteous judgement.﻿Mormons DO believe Jesus is God and they are Christians. There's God the 
Father and God the Son. The Book of Mormon clearly testifies that Christ is 
the Eternal God and is the Son of God.

There are 3 members of the Godhead, The Father, The Son, and the Holy 
Ghost. All are one in unity and purpose but separate individuals and all 
are God.﻿I am a big fan of Lindsey Stirling﻿This video made me laugh, cry and smile in less than 3 minutes. Lindsey is 
such an amazing and lovely person. I really like her for being who she is. 
God bless her!﻿I love Lindsey Stirling. Her story is incredible. I love that she can 
influence so many people. I didn't know she was LDS just like me, which 
makes me love her even more. I am grateful that she has pursued her goals. 
I too have studied violin and the only way that I could get through the 
long recitals and practicing was dancing while I played like Lindsey. 
However, when I got to college I was made fun of or teased by the way I 
played. I never played again. I think Lindsey is so brave to pursue her 
goals even if others criticize she believes in her self. She is amazing and 
that she publicly announces that she is a Mormon takes courage. Thank you 
Lindsey for all that you do and the message you are bringing to the world. ﻿I totally feel the same way when you said god loves me not only that he 
loves EVERYBODY! ﻿I can't believe it I was allready your fan!, thanks for your example you 
are awesome!!!, I'm a software consultant, and I'm a mormon!﻿Well, I was crying. That was beautiful Lindsey, and so couragous of you. 
I'm so proud to be able to watch you live your life the way YOU want to, 
and believe in the things your heart tells you too. I'm constantly inspired 
by your motivation to live the standards of the church, and to touch the 
lives of others through your music. YOU ARE AMAZING.﻿What a story! I just want to share that Lindsey has had influenced many 
people for the better. I'm grateful for people like her that share their 
stories to help others out. I actually found out about her serving a two 
year church service mission in Mexico. A dear friend of mine, Alberto 
shared with me a CD with her music. It was funny, because he was Catholic 
and me, being a Mormon didn't even know about her. But he shared with me 
how her story helped him out a lot! The world needs more people like 
Lindsey Stirling! ﻿yes! Mormons rock! im a Mormon. I live it and love it. and Im actually 
really surprised that Lindsay Stirling is Mormon because she is pretty 
famous..... but im rrrreally happy about it.﻿I m MORMON and you are sooooooooo nice !!!!I love getting some insight of what people, that i follow and are a fan of 
about what they have gone through, it makes it possible to understand and 
respect them even more. :)I'm glad Lindsey that you're a Mormon and that you still do what you love 
most. I want to be like you. I want to do what I love most. I'm 15, a 
Teacher's Quorum President, LOVE anything Dubstep and I do 
Parkour/FreeRunning.Even though I believe you don't need a fictional God to feel whole or 
complete; I am happy for you that you are getting what you need for where 
you are at now. Whether your worth is based on a belief in a god you still 
have yourself to know, except and love. Remember life is a process not an 
event. Be happy, imperfections and all....Dubstep is electronic music. The most common form of Dubstep you'll find 
is hard Dubstep, with a bunch of crazy distortion sounds. And there's soft 
Dubstep, that sounds like House/Trance, but still with something more. 
Still harder.what's a dubstep?Even though I am not a Mormon, I have very much respect for them! Their 
religion is full of wise lessons. :DI was so happy when I heard she was Mormon I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE ON YOUTUBE!!Much respect Lindsey , love you keep up the great work... Who knew you were 
human :D The answer for that would take forever, just click the link for the 
mormon.org website and start exploring. Mormon is a synonym for LDS, 
Latter-day Saint. A mormon is basically someone who's a member of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. A saint is someone who 
believes in Jesus Christ and follows Him. Latter-day is a synonym for 
modern, aka current follower of Jesus Christ.You're a blessing to us all Lindsey! That was so amazing that you were able 
to have that moment of deep-down honesty with us. You're such an 
inspiration that at times you seem larger than life to us fans. Its so 
humbling that you share some of the same struggles we all face and get 
through them with the help of God. Keep it up Linds!Somebody get this kid a box of cereal!This is wonderfully inspiring and fantastically uplifting. Way to be proud 
of what you believe! What's a mormon?I do not understand? I cannot believe, where am I going wrong, what am I 
missing?That is amazing, and that shirt you were wearing i really liked it :)Haha my parents had put me on a cereal limit too. I can devour that stuff!Lindsey's Mormon?? Mindblown. She's seriously one of my biggest 
inspirations.Awesome, inspirational!!Thanks I love the music, I will take it with me rollerskating while i jam 
skate and eat pizza. Thank for reminding all of us how important it is to 
be who we are. ya i eat my cereal at 11:00 pm. lol I love Lindsy stirling and knowing shes a Mormon and not afraid to show it 
inspires me to be more proud of being a Mormon myself even though im 
shunned by other people who do not understand our religion and think we are 
a cult and make there false accusation's. The reason why I chose to be a 
Mormon is because they don't put down other religions and accept others for 
who they are unlike other people of other religions that I know of who call 
themselves Christians. O, well, respect Lindsay. I like your performance and personality but 
didn't expect to be inspired to get closer to God. Now, there you go. 
Respect for sharing that. Yup. Cried.Im not a mormon (im agnostic actually) but i have soooo much respect for 
her and now even more that she isnt afraid to express her religion openly 
which is something many people cant do.i just LOVE being LDS!!!!God bless you, Lindsey Stirling! :-) and your beautiful and you make beautiful things happen (: Well done lindseyYOu're awesome!!!!!!!!!!She the bestLove her energy, talent and wise choices.beautiful person and i am mormon,too. haha can you like be my music teacher XD:') <3AWWWWWWWWWWWWWW <3I never knew she was Mormon! I love her music and she is amazingly talentedthe most thing i like about Lindsay that she doesn't try hard , she is a 
naturally talented and sweet <3 i wish her all the best of luck ^_^ This is really cool. I've always seen Lindsey's videos and performances and 
I've loved them all. I think I may have gotten the impression that she was 
always this way with all the talents she had, perfect as some people may 
say. But I'd forgotten she's human just like the rest of us and that 
entails imperfection. Yet far from be detrimental to her character it makes 
her relatable, increasing empathy through awareness and experience. I hope 
many will be inspired by her experience and music.Good for her.Wow, I had no idea about her struggles with anorexia. I'm happy she found 
strength in faith and was able to overcome her challenges.Lindsey! Thanks for sharing your life once again. i REALLY appreciate this 
and i'm feel really good that you realized your problem and you face it. I 
like that you are my inspiration of life and i hope you keep doing it. Love 
you Jocsan From Chile