He ain't heavy. He's my brother! Excellent videoVery basic and down to earth. I would like to shop at farmers markets. I 
like this video, He loves the earth and he's family, and he love's the Lord.I'm a Mormon Vegan and live a green lifestyle. So happy to see this, thanks 
for sharing.I don't understand everyone's dislike for this man. He obviously works hard 
for his money, feels the need to live an Eco-friendly life-style, seems 
very nice, humble, and genuine. What is with people having negative views 
of those who have money? Obviously it's your unfortunate jealousy that 
doesn't allow you have respect for others. Work hard and reap the benefits, 
or chose not to. It's simple. Go health. I'm not Mormon, and I don't care how many dislikes this video has...this 
guy lives on the beach, owns a Business, and can cook healthy food...he's 
doing a heck of a lot better taking care of his health than most Americans. Hi Daniel ... The purpose is more to show that we cast a wider net than 
many people think. Certainly not perfect and hopefully more diverse as the 
church continues to expand.Thank you Byron! Great story!Well said! The items he was preparing makes me want to eat a vegetarian dishI love this video!Wahoo, another green Mormon, we do exist!"we belong to the earth, the earth does not belong to us" @TheOGsurfer seriously, it's pointless. It speaks nothing of what they 
actually believe. It's almost as if they're posting these to show that 
mormons are.. normal? As if everyone thought they were crazy or something. 
The way I see it, if you need a commercial for your religion.. that's kind 
of sad.ULTIMATE FRISBEEE!Your sons are really hot. And I live in SB TOO! it's the most beautiful 
place in America :DHusband, Business Owner, Husband, Mormon, Husband again.1:52 his son is HOT just sayin..@KeshnerfFilms You say that like it would be unthinkable. 
/watch?v=jbuHakabdMU&feature=relmfuWon't fool me, Mormon!as long as that green energy job doesn't make you a liberal, i'd take that 
cute daughter of yours out.Lets see if you can get a biologist to do one of these :PI'm not sure why these videos have been posted. I mean, i have nothing 
against any religion, but it seems like a few "perfect" people that just 
happen to be of the Mormon sect of Christianity have been chosen to try to 
show that life is better as a Mormon. Being an Atheist I'm just curious as 
to the purpose of these videos. Christianity, if false, is of no importance, and if true, of infinite 
importance. The only thing it cannot be is moderately important. C. S. 
Lewis lds dot org woot vegetarianism!