Great video with a great message﻿what is the song called?﻿the shaytards sent me here to﻿I really liked this.﻿what is the title for the movie? I like to watch the whole movie.﻿Every time I watch this, my heart and soul becomes enlightened as I listen 
to the music, see the words displayed and feel the spirit burn within my 
heart and soul.  Tingles go up and down my back.  I would hasten to say 
that this does the same thing to ALL who watch this!  Praise the Lord Jesus 
Christ for HIS incredible LOVE for each and every one of his children that 
have ever lived, and yet......  WE FORGET....  Continue to Live with his 
LOVE for ALL﻿Were the images made for this video or part of a longer movie?  I would 
like it if it were a DVD one could purchase.﻿The ShayTards Sent Me Here TOO﻿I love this video. It can apply to anybody, despite if they're religious or 
not. This video wasn't made only for Mormons; it was created to inspire 
everyone and to share with others the love that Christ and The Lord has for 
them. We can all partake of the love and grace of Christ, the savior. I 
hope that all of your hearts were touched by this video.﻿Tonight I met two faithful brothers in the Lord who shared their faith with 
me and led me to this video. 
Great presentation. Well Done and God Bless. Ray﻿HE LIVES. ﻿Awesome﻿I love my Savior so much. This video helps me remember that, and I am so 
grateful.﻿I love the variety of images portrayed.  Beautiful videography, beautiful 
message!  So much is possible because of Him!  He lives and so will we. 
 And we can start fresh everyday because of Him.﻿Love it!﻿It's not Easter but this is an amazing video! I feel so inspired :)﻿Love this!* lol ﻿Incredible﻿I love my Savior <3﻿No matter what you believe this video can inspire anyone with hope for a 
better life﻿This made me cry (but still I loved it)
﻿What song is playing in the background?﻿Alma 7:11-12
11 And he shall go forth, suffering pains and afflictions and temptations 
of every kind; and this that the word might be fulfilled which saith he 
will take upon him the pains and the sicknesses of his people.
 12 And he will take upon him death, that he may loose the bands of death 
which bind his people; and he will take upon him their infirmities, that 
his bowels may be filled with mercy, according to the flesh, that he may 
know according to the flesh how to succor his people according to their 
infirmities.

I am a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. (Mormon) 
I am so grateful for my Savior. He really knows us on an individual level. 
He suffered on the cross so that he would know how to comfort us.﻿