i am a rocker, a smoker who suffers from nicotine addiction, and i would 
love to be a mormon.Hmmmm, I'd say get to know one really well. You might find something a 
little different. Just suggesting. 2:14 "my beliefs are strengthened the more I expose myself to differing 
thoughts more than they are weakened" One of the things I love about being 
a Mormon!Baha. . . got to be a little "off" to make it in this crazy world ya? :)actually this guy goes to my church, yes i am mormon but this guy is LDS i 
promise his son is my freindthank you. (: haha ive noticed mormons provide huge amounts of service love their families are 
always smiling and happy full of joy i think the only one slightly off is 
you Mormons are cool cats and this is from a non LDS guy...@devoured6by6humans6 No more off than the rest of the world. Just 
differently. Great story!!! @dinksta no way i am a mormon ive never been told im not aloud to listen to 
rock we are against music is rude which includes swearing and that has a 
bad influence on us we just have to be careful to what we listen to. i know this guyI thought Mormans were against Rock n Roll music... Please explain...higroupie?his wife made some great sacrifices the only thing i respected about this video was the mentioning of Eric 
ClaptonToo cuteI've noticed that most mormons appear to have a lottttt of children.@devoured6by6humans6 just a bit (sometimes).... but atleast they're happyI love these videos! I am a mother, wife, manager and I am a mormon too! We 
are everywhere, even if you don't know it.ok heres a question. WHERE IS THE MONEY FOR THIS COMING FROM?!Hes to bald to be a real rocker.ant to much of a tool.All these people sound really cool and awesome, and then they say "and I'm 
a mormon" and my face goes from :D to :/ in the blink of an eye.@TiKwanMOE *cough*... I know right?Wait.. what's the point of these videos?.. to show they're trying to be 
normal? or what..They should make one of "I'm black and I'm a Jew" See how that works out 
hahaha.@koala1209 good for you man!! You basically just summed up what I believe 
in in one youtube comment...I'm also atheist and i love the fact that 
there's no judgement. I used to be mormon and it just felt like we singled 
people out too much@shimshonrules i lol'd you compared mormons to people trapperswhy? they dont have a catholic channel like this because there are too many 
famous catholics... lolzI thought the video was great but when he said he was a mormon at the end 
that was a little wierd@devoured6by6humans6 You sure got that right.Hi im Rafael and i volunteer to help make my community a better place for 
everyone that lives in it. I donate when i get some money. I don't see 
race,religion, or sexuality as a barrier. So what if your a muslim, ill be 
your friend. So what if your gay, i don't have a problem. So what if your 
black, we are all people. My beliefs are strengthen when Religous people 
try to convert me. Im 14, donator, Smart, Photographer, and i am an Atheist 
:D Word...@wildestmonk mormons do get mad we do act out but we act out in controlled 
ways we try not to scream we try not to yell we try our best to work out 
everything controllably and with the gospel and with our family and you 
will find the more time you spend with someone the easier it is to work 
things out and the less you fight that is our goalIs there going to be a reality show about Mormons? I think that would be 
awesome, but they should do it with a "normal" family not like this one. 
This is what I call super Mormon-not real life! I want to see those kids 
get mad and act out like everyone does. Make a big mistake or two then come 
back and act like everything is normal. But what is normal? I think the 
biggest thing that people think is off about Mormons is how forgiving they 
are with themselves and others, and how harsh and moral.Amad is different from us. Lets convert him.@devoured6by6humans6 Don't know what mormons you've met then haha. You 
can't judge people just based on their religion like that dude.This guy is awesome!@64CSAR Yeah, this guy likes learning about different cultures...you know, 
Indian, Blonde, Brunette, Ginger...@SirCamelJocky They aren't recruiting. They're trying to convince us 
they're just normal people like everyone else. Which is fine, but I don't 
think it should have anything to do with their religion.2:05 double chin from hell1:31 shane dawson :)Where are the GAY mormons I've watched several of these videos and none gay 
I wonder why?@devoured6by6humans6 HA! Nah bruh we're just like everybody else.did he really have to say " and he's indian" ?rock and roll is of the devil@devoured6by6humans6 Maybe the world SHOULD be slightly ... off ;) @UtahJazzFan04 nope nope yes and nope im mormon and i love rock not that 
big of a fan of soda but im aloud to drink it coffee as a mormon you cant 
drink coffee but i like 5 hour energy better c: and my mormon frinds and me 
love to hang out on fridays i do not know how all of this started but most 
of it isnt true may i ask if your curious about being a marmon or getting 
your facts right go to mormon.org and on the upper right hand corner ther 
is a request missionary thanks for reading this c:@molyvenson wow pretty judgemental aren't you@UtahJazzFan04 Haha they can do all that stuff... But mostly don't drink 
soda or coffee.@UtahJazzFan04 Yhey can do all that execpt drink coffe. get your fact right.I thought mormons couldnt listen to rock music, or drink soda or coffee, or 
even hang out on fridays. Crazy rules"I'm definitely not a rocker. I'm a groupie."ive noticed all mormons are slightly....off.He rocks his kids world D:>@Furfender Pretty good selection he listed though.@molyvenson Wow. Seriously?@molyvenson Wow, I don't think I've read anything so short sided before. 
Too bad a mind is so closed.cute family haha,but Mormon so I dislike@bigkylelake its funny because their should be 150 of these videos. their 
tax attorney army did great with prop 8@JackalJayzer lol how is a youtube movie doctrine? :P@JackalJayzer Unless that is his own child, it doesn't mean that all the 
kids in the school are Mormon.Mormons are just so perfect! Hopefully one day everyone can be Mormon.Excellent. Thanks for sharing.@Furfender The closest Johnny Cash ever got to rapping was "I've Been 
Everywhere" XDLOL He's all "rocker" and he puts his kid in an Abercrombie & Fitch shirt. 
*shakes head*@meeestersaaarmo I want to collect them like trading cards.Good religious choice. When the nuclear apocalypse occurs you guys will 
have a nice fort out by vegas.i still dont get the purpose of this channel. It just shows a bunch of 
happy mormon peoplelol a mormon tax attorneywhat an exceptional specimen of morman HAHAHAHAHAHAHA mormons 'n' rock and roll. It's like Johnny Cash trying to 
teach children to rap!I'm taking 2:12 as doctrinal proof that sleeveless shirts are OK again