What a beautiful family! I love watching these "mormon messages" they 
inspire me so much.﻿Adorable! Love Love Love this one!! :)Mormon = The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints = a Restored 
Church of Jesus Christ. You can learn more about Mormon on their official 
website or talk to their missionaries onlinebut instead of being written by prophets and apostles in the east it was 
written by prophets and apostles from the Americas. This book teaches of 
Christ and is a second witness of his divinity. All of this may be new to 
you but I know that it is true with every fiber of my being. It has changed 
my life and has brought me closer to the Savior than anything else. It has 
made me a better person and a happier one at that. I know if you look into 
it that you will have the same experience that I had. what a fun and active family. the mom looks like she has lots of fun with 
the polka-dot show for children. and the father has quit the opposite with 
his job. But they are good example on how faith keeps them strong.You really get alot of AD's for these Mormon Messages? I have never gotten 
one. The reason we post it on YouTube is because when we become members of 
this church, we pretty much try to do 2 things beside trying to become a 
better person: learn more, and try to teach others. We have millions of 
missionaries around the world, but we obviously can't teach everybody. 
Thanks for not being a hater!I'm a Mormon KiwiI love these videos. They are informative, non obtrusive, and invite others 
to learn more about something that has been discriminated against for 
years. What a fantastic way of educating the world. What a nice family!this is an amazing family (:i am not saying anything against the mormom faith, but why is mormonism 
advertised on YouTube? It gets a little annoying seeing an ad for it on 
every video i watch. Advertising the mormon faith to all YouTube watchers 
is a little weak in a way. A large majority of YouTube watchers are not 
mormon, so i do not think they would be interested. I only came to comment 
on this and see what replies i get to why mormanism is advertised. I would 
really like to know the benefits gained.Hello FashionLove30! I am a 16 year old member of the LDS church, as many 
have mentioned, mormon.org is great for info. If you want to know the basic 
beleifs, go to lds.org and search "the 13 articles of faith" if you read 
those, that is an over-all basic idea of what we beleive. I hope you find 
what you are looking for, and if you need any mor questions answered about 
Mormons, feel free to inbox me! :) Have a great day!always wondered how faith, non-work based religions handle not allowing 
people into heaven if you are not of that religion since it's impossible to 
prove or disprove which one is correct. Still wondering...@skwiddy23 These videos introduce the world to a typical selection of 
Mormons because many, many people have misconceptions of who we are. I've 
had several people tell me that they always thought that Mormons live in an 
Amish-like way; so getting these videos out is a good way for the world to 
get an accurate picture of who we are. Our entire belief system, our Sunday 
services and every minute of our lives revolve around Christ and his 
teachings. Thx for your comment! beautiful family, makes me feel good to see videos like this@FashionLove30 Don't know where you are, but if you go to mormon.org 
homepage there's a drop-down under "Visit Us" that you can use to find the 
nearest church. And basically we know that our Father in Heaven lives and 
loves each of us, that Jesus is our Savior and the Son of God, that we are 
all the sons and daughters of God, and that He wants us to come back to 
him. You are welcome to ask any member of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints in your area or visit one of our profiles.@skwiddy23 "thou shalt mention me in the first half of all thine youtube 
videos!" does the bible say that anywhere? nopeI don't understand what a mormon is... I have recently been looking into it 
because I am not happy with my current religion but I don't understand can 
someone please explain the beliefs of mormons to me? Also why do people 
dislike mormons? @skwiddy23 I think the focus of this video is to get at the story that runs 
through Dionne & Josh's life, and the thread of faith that is part of it. 
As a filmmaker I know there is a progression to telling a story, and the 
beauty of this piece is we are first introduced to a wonderful loving 
family and then we see their religious faith in God that makes their family 
bonds so special and strong. It is their faith that gives them meaning and 
joy in their family life as Mormons. It's beautiful!@skwiddy23 Christ was mentioned, the Son of God.. Love this! I am a Mormom and I want to be a polkadot!You're both awesome!!! Ok, you talk about your cute little families and what not, but where was 
God mentioned in the entire first half of this video? NO WHERE. I think I'm a polkadot groupie too now... I think this is the cutest family ever!That was cute.this AWESOME. A mommy just like me:) I knew I wasn't the only silly one:)