She is half Filipino?you know, I'd say that getting married to a loving, God-fearing man who 
will love me and being a mother would be FAR better than a trophy. 
Sometimes you give up what you want right now for something Better. I'm christian and find this video sweet. It disgusts me how many people 
dislike these videos. A lot of the people are atheists and I don't 
understand why they just can't leave the video and not dislike...I'm an Episcopalian.good for youEww. Way to judge a young family based on the size of their kitchen. I'm 
pretty sure that law degree's going to land them a nicer place than karate. 
But who cares? She loves church, she loves her work, her passions (whether 
or not they're paying the rent), and her family. You really have a problem 
with the world being full of these kind of people?This is a wonderful video to show what it means to sacrifice for Heavenly 
Father and He will bless you for it! Thank you for sharing your story with 
us! [:^)This video is a supreme example of just how much hatred exists in this 
society towards the Mormons. Take out the last five seconds of this video 
(where she says, "and I'm a Mormon") and you have a sweet, wholesome, and 
incredibly cute couple telling the world how genuinely and profoundly happy 
they are. How more than 80% of the viewers can actually "dislike" this 
video is just beyond me. I won't be surprised if the vast majority of them 
hit the "dislike" button only because she's a Mormon.Maybe her true God-given talent is to be a wonderful Mother. Only she and 
God knows.That's what everyone else is thinking about themselves, too... Why am I 
here? I'm an atheist.Coolstory,bro.Because she left her passion for karate she now has a kitchen the size of a 
small bathroom and is a desk jockey for a law firm. All that so she could 
go to church on sunday... what has the world come to.And I'm a goldfishI almost feel bad for skimming through Mormon videos and looking at the top 
comments.Lol top comments relating to each other ftw.and I'm an atheist Mormon..why am i watching this????This is actually the most depressing thing I've ever seen. Whatever 
happened to the idea of pursuing so-called "God-given" talents? and Windows 7 was MY idea :)cool story bro And I'm a gay mormon... ;)Oh she's a corporate lawyer and that's suppose to mean something? If 
someone tells me to do something because a corporate lawyer does it, I'm 
not doing it, especially if it's something to do with religion! A corporate 
lawyer? So Mormons will take the most dishonest and deceitful among us and 
that's suppose to make me want to be Mormon? I don't care if she talks cute 
in French, she's a corporate lawyer and that is scum to me!@MrMagnificentX agreed -.- Reine Langer of France gave up her beloved karate competitions because she 
thinks Native Americans are actually Jews!@anakrinen220, And what God does it prove? Yahweh, Allah, Brahma, Ahura 
Mazda, Apollo, or some other God? Even if the proof was inside and all 
around him (which it isn't), what God is it suppose to be evidence for? 
What God should he believe in?i aint got time fo' no god. jesus maybe.a corporate lawyer and a mormon. jesus christ@eerriiccaaX U sir' i wont jugde u becuase ur an atheist im a mormon to 
just got baptized :) well ur comment was kind sir' god bless u but dont 
take it the wrong way :) anyways @RoaChc0acH Well i guess u dont get it coffee is adicting and it is man i 
drank everyday! LOL but eh even tea is except for urbal tea is fine...loli say the right thing wud have been for you to train, cause that's 
bettering yourself, going to church is overratedI help children and adults succeed in life and I'm not a Mormon.I'm a mac!And I like waffles.:) no no I Invented windows 7 ! the person below just helped And im atheist.and im a PS3 gamer.And I'm an Atheist, there's this thing called reason and logic.and im a daeistWhy put these up?? everyone will dislike anyways... I already didAnd I'm a mushroom@sekushit exactly!1 What does this have to do with mormins? its just a 
chick who has good luck.. who happens to say mormen once... im not mormin 
though... nice story hope tht girl is happyand I like pizza.And I am a Mac.@anakrinen220 ive been to paris twice and know very BASIC french and yes, 
it truly is beautiful. :) you'll love it i promise!!!I stopped working on sundays because God didn't like it.I ended up losing 
my job because they needed me to work on the weekends. I asked God to help 
me out since I made such a big sacrifice for him, but he hasn't answered 
yet. I am still waiting for him though and if he doesn't help me out, I 
will stop pleasing him. Isn't the French language and the culture absolutely beautiful? I'm trying 
to learn it and can't wait to go to France and really experience 
everything! @blanktheif The proof is inside of you and all around. @blanktheif Why are you here!?@blanktheif dude if there was a chance that there is a god why not not 
believe I dislike the corporate businessy way they sell the religion. We see a 
happy young French-speaking couple who happen to be talented martial 
artists expecting a child. At the end, (in a tongue-in-cheek reference to 
the PC vs. Mac ad campaigns) the woman touts all of her achievements and 
lastly states that she is a Mormon. This is wrong. If you buy a Mac, you 
should get all the features that the ad describes. If you become a Mormon, 
you are in no way promised to meet a mate and be successful. ...and I'm THE LAWgiving up your dream for the sake of religion is not cool.... doing it 
because thats where your life is, is completely different. I thought Mormons were against violence like karate. Why can't they drink 
coffee but they are allowed to do this?Hey at least comments aren't disabled!! I get it that these people have cool stories, but don't people of all 
religions (or no religion) have a cool story or two?and I'm a humanam i the only person that thinks the government completely made up 
religions for whatever reason?@ledzeprocks21 But not on Sundays.am i the only one who gets it!!! the point isn't to advertise! this video 
is simply showing that Mormons aren't the crazy weirdos that they sometimes 
get portrayed as! She's a nice and kind human being, AND she is mormon.but shes a sweet girl and i love french@PeanutWhistle159 hahaha no :) hmm im white and did something once should I make a youtube video?aaaaand the marriage falls apart 2 years later.What a great idea, I like these ads, just not the Mormon church anymore.moral of the story: join the church of jesus christ of latter day saints or 
they will send their legions of french karate ninjas to mop the floor with 
you@KiddTristin a crazy homeless man with a sombrero and a mustache :P@KiddTristin it's a religion... try Mormon(dot)org if you want to know more.i find these kind of commercials pointless who cares about religion i dont 
mind if my doc is mormon i dont care if my dentist is jewish every religion 
has good,bad, successful& lazy people, these commercials are stupid that's 
my point0:37 guy all the way on the left makin this face :P@KiddTristin HAHA wooow. Its a christian religionSooo...being a mormon means you give up on your hopes and dreams?@SAMitch89 aka, Hegemony@MarkMayrProductions Karate is not something that advances any career, it's 
a hobby.thumbs up if youre sick of these sponsored ads for mormonism .. go 
advertise your religion somewhere else...and I'm an Atheist. So you gave up advancing your career in something you love... to be a 
Mormon... I don't get ti lol@cornbreadjtm "I'm a woman. I'm a friend. ... And I listen to techno."SPOILER: She's a Mormon.@danceswithllamas2121 ?????????????@ACTPAHABT No. they don't make profit.another life ruined by religion when they spell it sounds like their choking"I live a very average life, I gave up on my dreams early in my life. I 
always listened to what people told me and now I feel like spreading my 
knowledge of non-creativity so that other people may follow and so that I 
will not be jealous when others accomplish more than I have done..." - oh 
was this video about something else?@99KingHigh for something better :) TaeKwonDo is better, but I really do love watching these videos- I don't 
see why people who don't like these watch them...what is this a promoted video with the name "and i am a mormon"i don't get it...@choidj It's supposed to illustrate that Mormons come in all varieties. I 
guess the Church media department decided that people have stereo-typed us, 
so this campaign is to help reverse that perception and let people know 
they can be Mormon, too. @SAMitch89 That's true. The first settler of Madagascar traveled in boats 
from Borneo.@bobafruti ... and I'm hot sauce. We should hook up some time.I am just wonderin why mormons are so secret in their churches? it doesnt 
make any sense whatsoever...... what are they hiding?If you don't like it, don't watch it. Simple.What Was The Point Of This Video...? 0.0Mormons are crazy, but they make some damn good cookies!@Commie219 I know! now their inflicting it on people other than the whities.@choidj Yes They say no but yeshmmm, when they "I'm a Mormon", I think they're telling you, "Yes, I am 
happy and normal and please dont judge my joy". It's hard to convey such a 
message with a bunch of YouTube boobs who think they're high and mighty 
voting dislike on this perfectly fine video.whats the point of these videos? I dont get it. its like your telling me if 
i become faithful i will become superman im not understanding the 
advertisement to religion. i will say its a lot nicer than the hell threats 
those are fun.@cornbreadjtm what's wrong with them? if you dont like them dont watch them@Commie219 haha i thought the same thing!?? then i found out hella pacific 
islanders are morman too -____- 