I love it when people can see their talents and gifts come from God and how 
he encourages them to enlarge upon those gifts. ﻿Thanks for developing and sharing your talents! I appreciated your sharing 
those with us in Relief Society a couple of weeks ago.﻿It's wonderful the way you included your children in your art process. We 
are what we create....and you seem to create joy! Thanks for sharing.I like your paintings. These are beautifully done videos. I absolutely love them!I wouldn't mind having a studio to paint with my family. Seems like a fun 
family. Strange commercial though, I mean the problem with being a Mormon 
is believing in the con artist Joseph Smith that read their scripture out 
of a hat. But I guess that's not the point of the ad.i love how her and her daughters work in the studio together, what a nice 
way to communicate.@49redskies Aw, I love people like you. <3 (: She came and talked to one of my art classes and she was SO COOL!!WHAT'S WITH ALL THE DISLIKES. THE POINT OF THESE VIDEOS IS TO SHOW THAT 
MORMONS ARE JUST LIKE OTHER PEOPLE <3 I'M NOT A MORMON, BUT I LOVE & ACCEPT 
THEM COMPLETELY :)@clamb1915 SAME HERE! HI 5!!!!@clamb1915 so many atheists on the internet!They have a Quaker parrot!178 people are mormons...I'm a Mormon, and this is a commercial about me being normal despite being 
a Mormon.why am i watching these?Mankind is born with a SIN-NATURE. The ONLY Way for us to go to Heaven is 
that we must have our sins forgiven. Religion didn't die on the cross for 
you, Jesus did! Krishna, Buddha, and other FALSE prophets didn't die upon 
the cross for you. Jesus Christ wasn't just a prophet, He was God Almighty 
in the flesh (John 1:1,14; 1st Timothy 3:16; 1st John 2:22,23 -King James 
Bible). Jesus shed His precious blood to pay for our sins (1st Peter 
1:18,19).@InvalidUsername90 no. Nowhere in the video did it tell you to become a 
mormon.Keep it simple. Don't trust churches.@InvalidUsername90 no it is suppose to teach you that Mormons are normal 
people. They have regular lives just like everyone else. They have 
struggles and continue their faith through it all. are we supposed to become mormons because this random person is?stinkin' fun! Mormons plz stop doing these ads we love you anyways<byeI am an artist, a girly girl, and a Pokémon Believer.You are GREAT! Yes, God does want us to be who we are. Stumbled upon your 
video and found a vast amount of similarities between you and myself. I'm a 
photographer and never really fit in anywhere but the studio. Always 
thought I was adopted or just plain crazy. I finally have children and we 
are having the best times whether it be adventuring with cameras in tow or 
finding stuff in the house to turn into art. Thanks for sharing & bringing 
beautiful things to light... The idea being expressed in this video is that it's not easy being a 
creative woman, mother & Mormon. But it's not easy being a creative modern 
woman, period. So it's a triple whammy being a Mormon artist with 3 kids. 
It's like being a mother, exotic dancer & Catholic; it can't be easy. These 
things typically just aren't seen in the same sentence together, so by 
seeing them in the video headline, it promotes interest so ppl like you & 
me will go look & maybe be inspired to be our genuine selves.I love that this woman is able to do what she wants AND has the support of 
her husband, who isn't always making her do housework in place of her 
passion. I have a passion for art too, so this gives me hope. Mormons tend 
to get a bad rap for making their women conform into the ideal housewife, 
aka Stepford Wives, which initially turned me off to the faith because the 
Mormons I know tend to be very traditional people, and I'm just not a 
traditional woman. So yay for Cassandra! :)cool story bro, tell it again. :P@wtfbitches2130 the three hours is in segmants of classes and hour class 
each. and its not stated anywhere how long church should be. thats just how 
long the lds is haha@LilitheAmara i like how everyone thinks these videos are always going to 
talk about religion then are surprised its just a person talking about 
there life and how normal it is and that there mormon hahahahahaI like how none of this at all has anything to do with being a Mormon. She 
can do all of these things and be an Atheist, or of pretty much every other 
religion.@beautyqueenjellybean I'm mostly in agreement with you, but I think the 
race comparison is inapt. The beliefs you chose to hold - and conduct your 
life according to - are an entirely different thing than the color of your 
skin, which you're simply born with.why is rebbeca black friday a related video lolI typed in "how to fix a faucet" and i got this... So she's amazing because she's a mormon? I think you can be an amazing 
artist, a mother of three, and be an incredible person all WITHOUT being a 
mormon. If the LDS church wants to promote their religion, they'd better 
find a better way to do it than with a tagline of a two minute movie.The LDS would advertise on youtube xD @jahahese You sound like YOU need to chill out. People retain some of the 
hostility toward religion because of historical and modern supposed 
scandal, suppression, and conspiracy, and their capacity to carry it out 
via their hierarchical structure. The Internet is a hate machine, and if 
you post something as a _sponsored link_ that is mildly detestable and keep 
comments and ratings enabled, people will be negative at you. No one likes 
evangelism, and that's what this video is. That's why bashingMormons have to go to 3hrs of church for no reason it doesn't say go to 
church for 3 hrs and do after church activities i wanna see where that is 
stated Aw, she's officially my new favourite Mormon.@DJh0bo Lol, Religious-Scientist.... It's like an oxymoronanyone can follow their dreams, you don't have to b Mormon to do so . . . . 
but her paintings are nice :)and@numanuma20 actually you are wrong. Catholics are the oldest branch of 
Christianity. We do not have 'extra books', protestant reformers REMOVED 
the books from their cannon (look at history). "Extra holidays"? not at 
all, the liturgical calender is basically the same for Catholics as many 
protestants. the Pope is the spiritual leader of the church, a successor of 
Peter. And we are all saints, the bible talks about the saints many times. 
Do some research before bashing another faith.she seems really nice! i like her paintings too.@YourMomIsMyUserName2 because this is an ad campaign by the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-Day Saints.@church400c in soviet russia Mormon troll you!When i saw my mom watching this: Me: Jesus christ!! :o My mom: ExactlyMeh, not too into Mormonism but her art is beautiful. <3I can so top that, well lets see... Im Ricki, Im gay, Im 15 and in high 
school, getting bullied all the time, Left handed, redhead, and im a semi 
athiest... ooooooh buuurrn@SethiXzon ZING!!!! OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH@MaeBernhardt543 because they're always promoted or featured... ._.@havingfunwithmakeup I know what you mean girl. I'm a mormon / LDS too, 
although i don't plan to go on a mission. I'm only slightly crazy and not 
in a religious way. lol. Its kinda sad to see all these dislikes over one 
sentence in the story. Nobody wants to hear about your religion. Faith is something that's meant 
to be personal and special to an individual human being.I personally have 
no religious faith, but I'm not about to make a damn video about it. Keep 
it to yourself. That's all I can say.Nobody cares what your religion is.yes, convert into a momon. you'll be awesome at everything forever :DARe Mormons like Catholics where they have more stuff added to their faith 
than most christian faiths. Like Catholics have the Pope, Saints, extra 
books of the bible, extra holidays ectWow...so is this supposed to like show, Mormons' are...real people? lol I 
don't get itCool story, bro. @remix815 *puts head down* Ever heard of WWJD? (What Would Jesus Do?) 
............well that wasn't it...-.-@checkeredxchild The whole point of this video is to show that mormons live 
regular lives and that we're not just some weird cult group like everyone 
thinksReally? All these dislikes? Seems to show that people can't see the 
relevance of the bit. She's this great person. And a Mormon. Ergo: the 
vid's purpose is to break through perceived stereotypes about Mormon's. 
They come from every walk of life. And traditional categorizing is just as 
futile as saying all Jew's are ________, all atheists must think ________, 
etc. i really like her house and her beautiful art. i would like to raise my 
future kids with art as well. but i really don't understand where the 
mormon part applies.im catholic and im better then u :)>.< woah. you knocked on my door yesterday and try to tell me stuff about 
your religion.@Evansmustard it's trying to show that mormons aren't all that badKind angry what they did with the Boy scouts.mormon.org youtube channel, why do you censor my comments?It's a shame Mormons need to act like their faith makes them "spontaneous" 
among other things, when in fact Mormonism has nothing to do with it.... 
There is a thing called personality, yo...No One cares Lady if your Mormonwtf does this have to do with being a mormon?My parents are Mormon and I was raised Mormon. I wish they could have been 
more like this woman, they were very suppressive and lived strictly by the 
bible/bom so to speak. I don't think they really understand the religion, 
thats probably what gives the religion such a bad name. I'm currently 
Agnostic but I respect Mormons all the same, its really unfortunate that 
they have to put up with so much crap. im a morman.. because i love homosexuals. is being a mormon the new pop trend? i wish i was mormon!!When I clicked this I thought it said And.. I'm a moron lol..She has the same chair as me in my room. AM I A MORMON???????i went through itBible arm on social hell Spins its downward spiralWhile I'm completely fine with this religion existing, can you please stop 
coming to my door and trying to preach to me, cause I will just slam the 
door in your face. I have a religion of my own.Being Mormon isn't going to make you a great artist and mother. Just cut of 
the end where she says "and I'm a Mormon", and it just shows a womans life. So if im not a mormon, I can't do anything?"Stttinkin' Fun." lmaoAll three of Joseph Smith's "witness's" later fell away from the church, as 
did Emma Smith. Quite telling...And i dont care"best family times are working in the studio"?? i feel sorry for this 
narrow minded, logic-less , bible thumper's kids. A joint could really 
steer this gal's life in a positive direction...so this lady is perfect other than the fact of being a mormonI think there's many dislikes because she's a mormon. the word "mormon" it 
self kinda puts people off :\My astronomy teacher is Mormon. The sheer irony of that is hilarious. Lol, deities are a fantasy.Disliked because comments need approval. Why is this promoted video anyway?Needs more video games.@rejoyce57 Its called the comments being moderated @juneflower7 People dislike these videos because we don't like it when 
religion gets in the Internet!@rejoyce57 All comments are subject to approval, negative comments are 
removed to promote a false view of support. It's quite reprehensible, but 
we're all on the hustle so I understand why they do censor comments.This lady is quite creepy, but she's no artist. Mormon people aren't 
allowed to do things like art, dance, or participate in activities which 
makes one happy aside from acting as a brood mare for their religion. I'm 
joking even though I'm quite serious...And I'm a P.C.Ha nice painting is cool. any type of art is cool. Thats why I hope 
everyone can check my channekl out cause ill be uploading songs i make on 
there.I DONT UNDERSTANDGet off the suggested list!I don't know why there are so many dislikes! What you do is so beautiful, 
Cassandra! I'm an artist as well, and I paint watercolors. My favorite talk 
is the one where Elder Uchtdorf talked to us about us all having the innate 
ability to create. We all can create something of substance and of beauty, 
and that we are all fashioned after an endlessly creative God who designed 
us! Art to me is bringing me closer to my heavenly father, because God is 
the master creator. Praise to you and all you do.she's cute but .. wouldn't pin her as mornan ... or any of these people.