I'm going to be honest that changes my whole perspective on the Ice bucket 
Challenge Let's not give up then... way to be Ryan I have a new respect for 
Scientists ﻿What a beautiful family. I love the Mormon videos! Work hard, play hard, and live with love.Keep up the good work Ryan! My father had Alzheimer's and his mother 
hardening of the arteries...Nobody's life is perfect, as I'm sure you can relate. I'm sorry if you're 
having a hard time. But I PROMISE your Savior can help you feel better. You 
just gotta ask. Yes, but why the question? Is it cause you feel like you don't relate, 
you're not alone more people than you can imagine feel the very same way.My grandmother has Alzheimer's! God bless your family, and may we find a 
cure for that diseaseAdmittedly, I'm a Mormon. But does anyone else think that this guy's life 
seems perfect? Good for you Ryan Watts (and family). I hope you guys are as 
happy as you seem in this video. I love this video. thank you for the work you are doing and for caring so 
much for your family.Hey, me too!!:) And I've been mormon my whole life!What a cute family you have! Thanks for sharing your life with the world! I 
really love these videos...I think it shows how diverse our Church really 
is! A lot of misconceptions out there.beautiful family, wish u all the best with your research...and I'm a ChristianThe Mormons have great family values and are simple people who just try to 
live according to the Gospel and the teachings of Jesus in each day of 
their lives. By doing so.. they receive many blessings in their lives such 
as great health, longer lives, happy families, nice white teeth and a 
youthful appearance in middle age..And many more.....I'm a mormon and when I learn about people like Ryan it makes me proud to 
be one. God bless you in your search Ryan.These videos are pretty cool. To everyone out there, I think the Mormons 
make these videos because many people don't understand who they are on the 
everyday level. I don't know why anyone dislikes these, from all I can tell 
they are only trying to spread good. Props to all religions who make videos 
like this, Mormon or otherwise."C'mon, Dad." hahahahaha! I'm Mormon, I'm a 16 year old girl in high school that juggles family, 
church, friends, & varsity swim. I agree. :) Cool Guy!The videos are made because there are several misconceptions of what 
"Mormon's" are. We are regular normal people, we aren't bible thumping 
crazy religious nut-cases. We love what we believe, we are happy people, 
and when you're happy, you want to share that happiness with others, 
whether you choose to accept the invitation is your choice, but we are just 
supplying you the option. You do not need Jesus or any God to help and heal people. Take John Lennon 
for example, He never officially had a religion and he helped the U.S bring 
itself to peace by oppressing the Vietnam war.Science and faith are not mutually exclusive. This is a great example of 
that. Science and faith are not mutually exclusive. what a great family, it's so nice to meet these LDS members via youtube. 
It's a great way for the world to see what the LDS people are really like, 
not what the they are rumored to be. Thanks for the upload. And thanks to 
Mr. Watts for working so hard to find ways to help those afflicted with 
Alzheimer's, my family has been sorely afflicted with that disease as well, 
it is devastating. I am constantly amazed by how much good is in this world.No intelligent person has ever accused Mormons of being bad people, I see 
no point as to why these videos are made, what are you trying to prove? are 
you trying to spread your religion? why do you care about what others 
believe? I'm buddhist(although I consider it more of a way of life than a 
religion) and I believe what I want to believe, I don't try to change the 
thoughts of another person, they have the right to believe what they want 
to believe without others attempting to change themI find it difficult that only 14 people dislike this... Sad. You are a great guy but I'm also a born Mormon and I am saddened to 
think that the religion that people should choose just because it makes you 
happy and healthy is advertising. I'm not saying that it's not true, I'm 
saying that it shouldn't need it...great people =]Nice! YOU ARE AN EXAMPLE. Great story. More Dads need to be like you.