cool we are Mormon too and are Christian too but we don't believe in the 
trinity. Lovely to know you are living a similarly busy, family-devoted life across 
the world. All the best in all you do! Chaleureusement, une autre mere....Thank you for this video. You have helped inspire me to be a better mom to 
my four children. Like yours, they take music lessons and sometimes they 
complain, but one day they will understand what a blessing and privilege it 
is to have the gift of music. You are opening doors for them that later 
they can choose for themselves. Like you, I am glad that my Mormon faith 
gives me strength to carry on when life is tough. Thank you.I'm Catholic, and I have no wrathful feelings toward you. I think it's best 
that people respect one another's beliefs, as long as neither is hurting 
the other. I know plenty of atheists I think very highly of. The important 
thing is that none of us belittles the other for their beliefs. Have a nice 
day :)I like her view that the cost was too high for her to let someone else 
raise her children. She values them more than the cost of living. I like 
that.Fabulous!Amen!I really don't see why people don't understand the point of these videos... 
Its obvious to anyone who has eyes and ears that Mormons have gotten a bad 
rap over the years for both deserving and undeserving reasons. They are 
trying to show they are just like everyone else, and being Mormon doesn't 
define them and what they can become. And no, I'm not Mormon. please keep NEGATIVE comments to yourselves!God isn't real. I mean I don't know for sure... but logically speaking, 
chances are that there is no higher power. Bring on the wrath zombies.Hello sister :D have you ever considered learning Russian?? Cyrillics are a 
little hard to get by, but it would open up a large population you could 
communicate with. AND EVERYONE SHUT UP... why do you bash her for being 
mormon? Do you really waste your lives bashing videos and other religious 
people for.. nothing? Her being a mormon has nothing to do with her being a 
good mother, person, linguist, etc. so just shut up and enjoy the video.Making happy people I LIKE THAT@plopkinggamer protestant christian@47218947891748974747 they are trying to show that Mormons are normal 
people what does being a Mormon have anything to do with being a mother you could 
speak 6 languages be a mother of 7 and be any other religion i dont see the 
point of making these vidsand im a pc@thetimothyjr2155 mmmm... I do hope that is just a figure of speech..@TheWitchOvAgnesi I translate/interpret all the time...just not that often 
for pay ;)@bluezqy10 go for it - what are your qualifications? @tuskedbeast yeah, before filming, they gave me a questionnaire about my 
political affiliations! ;)@thetimothyjr2155 - exactly... just ask any Germans: they all speak Dutch 
and Swiss German, just like all the francophones speak Spanish... ;)@jlhepworth you're right - Swiss German and High German@jlhepworth I don't usually consider "swiss" as its own language, but given 
the fact that Germans don't understand us (though we have to learn "high" 
German in school), does that then mean it qualifies as its own language? 
(and I was referring to "Schwiizerdüutsch" - aka swiss German)And...tomorrow belongs to you! -)))))@thetimothyjr2155: You're so amazing to be able to just pick up Foreign 
languages like popcorn out of a bag! I wish I could be like that. You are 
so knowledgeable! Except, hmm wait. . . it doesn't seem that "Swiss" is a 
language . . . were you referring to Swiss German, Swiss French, or Swiss 
Italian? I'm confused.@thetimothyjr2155 You obviously are very knowledgeable about languages, 
except "Swiss" isn't a language! She speaks Swiss German and High German.basically once you speak french, spanish can be picked up practically 
overnight. once you speak german, swiss and dutch can be picked up 
overnight. This is so totally a push to get Mitt Romney's religion more visible and 
"accepted" . I want to be a freelance translator too....Me thinks she doesn't really have much time for translating... @wishuponastar442 way too much for what? @CHALKFOX I'm there already, thanks, though@linuxguy2009 depends...what kind? :)@izzyslash89 thank you.... or sorry? Not sure if yours was a compliment or 
a critique.What was the point of this video? If I become Mormon will I have 7 kid's, 
lots of money, and live in France while speaking 17 different languages?@Marflet11 This video did not say "in order to enjoy life you must be 
Mormon." It is just trying to show that Mormons are normal and have 
families too. They are not 'weird' or 'crazy' and they do pretty much 
everything the rest of the world does as long as it is not against the law 
or hurting anybody. I'm happy that you're a Christian, because Mormons are 
Christians too.There have been so many misrepresentations of Mormons from so many 
different sources. These videos give a glimpse into the everyday lives of 
Mormons and how their values affect their lives. It doesn't take any effort 
to be cynical ,sarcastic or dismissive. It does take effort to put what 
Mormons believe to the test to see if it does indeed make your life better 
and deepens your relationship with God. I made the effort 35 years ago and 
it has blessed me and my family beyond measure. I'm a Mormon.It is so amazing to me, that God needs to be sold. If he is so almighty and 
powerful, why does he need to be advertised?@MishkaHughes is true because you say soHer accent sounds remarkably American for having lived in Switzerland until 
she was 20.hey im Christian, and I love being a mom, not a Mormon. @jaylh2001 The Mormon Church is true. Joseph Smith was a prophet--he was 
NOT a con. I have read the Book of Mormon, which he translated by the power 
of God, and I know it is true and not a fabrication. If you haven't read 
the Book of Mormon, I suggest that you do, and you would find out that the 
Church is not a scheme for money-making or mental enslavement, but a Gospel 
to help us become like Jesus Christ, whom we worship.@gasteslenn If you're talking about Joseph Smith, he was never a rich man. 
Being the head of the Church brought him many trials -- literally. He spent 
a lot of his time being falsely accused and tried on trumped-up charges and 
rotting in jail cells. He was killed for his religion. How can you say he 
was in it for the money?@wishuponastar442 First, the Mormon church does NOT require people to have 
lots of kids. Plenty of LDS families have only 1 or 2 kids, and they are 
certainly not shunned. Second, I grew up in a family of 6 kids. There were 
a lots of us, but my parents had the resources to care for us, and our 
family just wouldn't have been the same with less of us. You need to have 
the number of children you think is right for your family, whether it be 1 
or 7.@sangieredwolf My parents had us all take piano when we were young--I was 
the only one who stuck with it, but my siblings would say they are glad 
they still had the education. How would I have known I would love playing 
the piano if I had no exposure to lessons?@GrogMyzer People should be free to have as many children as they feel they 
should have. This mother is clearly doing her best to raise her children to 
be good people.@shawneeindian I'm assuming you mean that the Mormon church is a lie? I'd 
have to disagree with that.Mormon another thing some guy made up in his head for money.Soon she'll be adding Mutual to that wednesday :>How Anti-Mormons disliked this video?How Anti-Mormons disliked this video? They seem happy and lovely family. I 
fav this . XPWhat is not to like? geez! You go girl! You are doing it right - raise your 
children in love - not in daycare. :)It's nice that some mom's have the option to not work full-time jobs but 
I'm not so cool with forcing your children to learn instruments. They 
should do what inspires them not what inspires you. Fortunately she grew up 
in Switzerland where they teach multiple languages throughout school, 
unlike America, which ha;s some of the worst education available. I'm not 
sure how any of this has to do with her being Mormon but okay :pSupreme Lord Jesus Christ is too exalted to be worshipped by those within 
temporal modes of observation/action. Temporal people who wish to worship 
God have no route other than to bow before the pantheon of Demi-Gods. Sri 
Ganesh is the master of those who do not fully renounce desire for 
everything in motionless bliss. The Christ shall not take an unfit slave 
who remains in wilful ignorance when The Path has been Lived. Sri Ganesh 
blocks the path you seek with illusion and lust. Jai!im confused.. why would you believe in a lie? 