Thank you for sharing your love with a little girl.I love your comment! (I'm a devoted mormon too) we need more of us that 
stand strong and "arise!" Love that guyLove this story! We also are adoptive parents and it is wonderful! The best 
part was to have ALL of our children in the Temple and have our youngest 
daughter sealed to us for ALL eternity . . . :-) Your adoption story is a lot like ours....only we had 12 hours. Life can 
change SO fast! Congratulations. We're Mormon too. Your adoption story is a lot like ours....only we had 12 hours. Life can 
change SO fast! Congratulations. I love Mormons im one toMormons are so wonderful I am pretty much as happy as I can be because of 
thisA couple that just want to have a family, what a blessing to be able to 
adopt a baby so quickly, they are blessed.Well that's a nice story and all but why add in the "I'm Mormon" I mean, 
does that make you all think you're better than other people, because 
you're Mormon? Well I'm hereto tell ya all a mind blowing fact. IM NOT 
MORMON AND IM A GOOD PERSON OMG WOWHow can you adopt that fast? I want to adopt!I love this!!same here sister :)Everyone has different opinions, whether they are right or completely 
messed up. Don't judge people, but pray for them if you have different 
views.I love the interactions between the husband and wife and their daughter 
shown in this video. So much joy and love [: I want a family like that!this is the most beautiful thing i have ever seen!! this made me cry! where 
did they adopt her from?cool story brahI loved this video so much! Thanks you for sharing and your baby is sooo 
cute! This is so heart felt, I love it.Great story!that wasn't the message but alrightMormon members are really nice people.. Most of my friends are Mormonjust because its a commercial about church doesn't mean they have to try to 
convert you. they're telling people "hi i'm a person just like you and i'm 
a mormon." idk about you but every time a friend or a coworker reveals 
they're mormon, people start assuming a lot of false things about them. i'd 
say this commercial is for those people.the purpose of the videos is to give the world a glimpse inside some mormon 
families to dispel the common perpetuated misconceptions about mormons and 
not to upstage or outshine people of other faiths or of no faith at all. we 
definitely don't want people to feel threatened by any happiness we have 
found through our faith. we only say to take all the good and happiness you 
have in life and let us see if we can add to it :) I have found so much happiness in my life now that I am a Mormon. :) Thank 
you for this videoi'm not a mormon but i love this video :)is that a mexican baby. why do they have a mexican baby. nvm. I stuck 
through the story. wow that was beautiful. I loved this.We are Christians.Great video. For those not of our faith, keep watching our movies. This is 
the reason why they are here, so that people can be more acquainted with 
Mormons. We are like everyone else. We have struggles and successes. 
Despite our trials, we know that everything will work out at the end 
because we know that we have a Father in heaven who watches over us. Hi, I'm Corina And I'm a Christian :) Ask a missionary. or use the website. However, Mormonism doesn't exist. The 
Church Of Jesus Christ Of Latter-Day Saints (Mormon) is Christian. I 
personally don't understand all the confusion..Just a little FYI, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints in the 
fourth LARGEST populated church on this planet. Sooo, check out what we 
believe & I promise something you see will change in your life. I'm a 
convert bro. THIS RELIGION saved my family from breaking apart. I'm a happy 
human being. I'm a junior in high school. I juggle family, friends, school, 
music & softball. & I'm a Mormon. :)Hi, I'm a YouTube user, I enjoy life and I'm not a mormonwait. This video only states these people's personal achievments. How is 
that supposed to tell us about Mormons? I believe in God, but I don't 
believe in church...CTR Love you Guys I am a Mormon and I have been asked if I had horns. There are lots of 
misconceptions about all sorts of different groups. That is why we need 
videos like these to resolve the misconceptions. Personally I think it 
would be good for every religion to address these things like "I am a 
Muslim or a Jew or a Catholic or an atheist." I am a Mormon.What are the differences between Mormonism and Christianity?So no offense at all since I have nothing against any religion, but what is 
the point of these commercials? I keep seeing them but its not like they 
say anything about religion as such. They just establish that your a decent 
bunch of home grown folks. Ok cool, would be glad to know you. But it 
doesn't mean I now know anything about your religion or want to be a part 
of it. Religion is a personal thing; why does everyone have to try to 
convert or convince or bring it up at all?beautiful baby girl:) But I didn't understand why the "and I'm a Mormon" 
part was there at the end....kinda random! When I meet someone and tell 
them about myself I never end with "and, I'm a catholic" I just don't see 
how it was relevant. Anyway, your daughter is beautiful and I wish you the 
best.@cheapcape I am, too, but for me there is something quite appealing about 
the Mormon faith.@NaftaliRa yes it is, :)its true the the mormons are as nice as everybodt elseHey man if thats your belief than thats sweet, isnt it great we all have 
different beliefs? Wow what a sunny day it is todayBeautiful...What a nice family with problems just like all of us which 
makes us all stronger and closer to our Heavenly Father...@JTIanEater Only if you're a mormon.@bernielovesbutter They just want to show how they are normal people like 
anyone else and to not dislike and vote against their religion :)You guys are so cute! I am not a mormon and I totally dig this video. My 
husband and I were saying we should see if you have any openings for 
friends. ha ha. rock on. People like you make the world a better place, 
religion or not. that took guts to make the video too and that is 
awesome!!!!@bernielovesbutter it's just to show that Mormons are normal people@JTIanEater lol, the point is just to show that Mormons are normal people. 
Clever comment though lolshouldn't you just be a Christian?@Rmag37 Mormons here in Canada are very diverse! I'm from Toronto and there 
are Filipinos, Chinese, Korean, Spanish and Persian Mormons :) It's just 
that in the US, there's a lot of white people haha@tanmanreed Not sure what Mormons outside Utah are like, but here in Utah 
County, The LDS church is without a doubt the least diverse group of people 
I've ever seen. Wasatch County is even worse.what does any of that have to do with mormons?i think its weird how all the mormon commercials and videos are coming out 
and there speaking out just before the presidential canidates are going 
around correct me if im wrong but isnt mitt romney a mormon these adds 
could defeintly help him get supportMy name is John and I'm a human being. Also, I like pecan pie. Should I 
post a video, too?I believe that a man red scrolls from God out of a hat and said that no one 
else was allowed to see them, and people believed him. I am an idiot What I say is that if Mormons are trying to show how "they are normal," 
then these advertisements of saying how they are normal aren't necessary. 
If you're normal, you shouldn't have to justify how you are. Just my two 
cents.@cheapcape It's amazing that people can actually post comments like this on 
these videos without inciting some kind of stupid religious debate which 
gets nowhere. There is hope for the world yet.im a Catholic :) This is my favorite Mormon Messages video! I can't believe 183 people have 
disliked this!@chocaletchip13 You know that they're mormon before watching the video, 
it's in the title? And what do you have against mormons? If you've watched 
any of the other videos you see that they're just like everyone else..@calvin43077 If you want to learn more about the religion go to lds.org or 
mormon.org. The point of these videos is to show people that are mormon 
believe in Christ and we arent some crazies from UT like a lot of people on 
the East Coast think. i cant believe they are going commercial like this i think when a religion 
pushes their faith on you with ads it cant be good...people should stop being trolls and make fun of this guy and his family 
cause he accually has a life not like you trolls BE RESPECTFUL what happen 
to the world im godzillaizbeast2004 AND I APPROVE THIS MESSAGE :Du should of said im chance clarkson im an outdoors man and i aprove this 
message@crazistein You are wrong. The point is to show that Mormons are a very 
diverse people, and are just like you, me, or anyone. Also, the church has 
absolutely no stance/belief on adoption, that was only Chance's personal 
opinion.@melindalassen most people have no clue because it''s baseless. This does 
not let people no more about the religion. This lets you know about some 
really nice people named Chance and Sarai'm andrew im a gamer and i'm NOT a mormonYou can be an outdoorsman too, if you convert to mormanism!love this @WEwalked thats the total opposite reason why they have these videos, im 
sorry that you feel that way!! @wearemadeofstars81 they are trying to show, that Mormons aren't different 
from everyone else cause being a Mormon you get asked a lot are you better 
than us does god love you more, do you have less struggles, but this is 
proving that we believe that god loves us all the same and we all have 
challenges! :)@crazistein the reason why people are making these videos is because people 
would ask if we think we're better than everyone else or better. but the 
reason why the church is making these is because we want everyone to know 
we are just like everyone else some of us have to same problems, and I know 
so many people that have adopted and we are so open to it! these are my 
cousins in this video and her sister adopted kids too! these videos are 
pretty much explaining we are just like everyone else! :)@RedCaio no.. @crazistein it doesnt show they are put off my adoption. it shown this man 
had reservations about adopting a child... apparently that's no longer the 
case.i actually sort of liked the family until the last few seconds@crazistein absolutely untrue.Wow ,it is very niceSo you are Mormon, good for you, does this mean you are different than 
other people? the same as other people? better? worse? are you more saved 
than others? I am not attacking this couple personally, but the point of 
these videos is totally off. This video in particular actually shows that 
mormons are not typically open to adoption because of the beliefs they 
hold, so how is that good?see look at how weird these people are!!!!! jkSuch a beautiful family, I loved this video. I know God lives and loves us 
and cares about us! Let him be a part of your life =D@RainbowManification I don't think these videos are effective, many of em 
are just so attractive for trolls. Now i'm not a mormon, but I think the 
message of these videos is a good thing. I'm seeing pushes for tolerance, 
and understanding, which i'm all for. But I think this might be a waste of 
time and resources that might be spent better another way.Thank you for sharing!! I am a proud Antitheist.I'm a mormon, however I don't know how effective these ads are. The church 
is currently piloting a media initiative in my area. (TV commercials, radio 
commercials, newspaper ads, billboards) The purpose of this is to denounce 
myths and misconceptions about the church by asking them to visit mormon 
dot org. However I'm having doubts of the effectiveness of these ads in 
denouncing myths and misconceptions about the LDS church. kay, I gotta say there is something so real and special that I feel when I 
watch I Am A Mormon vids rather than the I Am A Ex-Mormon vids, there is 
something to this Mormon faith that is inspiring and feels totally real.Their daughter is a lamanite...@Dafrogie There should be a comma between "thicker" and "then". You could 
avoid the comma issue by using the word "than" also.@CyanideXsAINT Actually...YEA, that IS enough. Its better than alot of 
other garbage that we hear every day (especially in the media). If you want 
to stick up for something then go for it...that is all these videos are 
attempting to do@lpaluso at 0:49 the lady says my daugther maki(i don't know how to spell 
her name), is a patchy native american. But her family or somebody asks 
them if they wanted to adopted an Indian girl. aww she's so cute.@CyanideXsAINT Ok, but the thing is Mormons are always discriminated and 
think they are all mental and crazy. So these ads show how mormons are 
regular people. They also provide a mormon.org in case people are curious 
and want to check that out.Lol what.i love my cousins! you guys are the best! <3 It is said .......... "blood is thicker then water" We believe ........ 
"spirit is thicker then blood" Love is a powerful thing!beautiful family:)I don't really get the whole, "Look I'm normal. I like to read, and I eat 
three times a day, and I'm a Mormon..." thing. Maybe they want to prove 
they're normal people? Anyone with a single brain cell knows that. There 
are crazy people of every religion, and regular people of every religion. 
We need to break down all these walls of organized religion. Here's my 
commercial: Hi, I'm Amanda. I study psychology, I love to draw, and I 
believe in God. Isn't that enough?@COD5Junky There are a lot of misconceptions about mormons. Its the fourth 
largest church in the country and yet most people have no clue about what 
Mormon's really believe or who they are. This is just letting people know 
more about the religion. No harm in that. :)Beautiful!What a cute, happy family. People who say "it's different when they're your own" are ignorant. I have 
three living children, two of whom were adopted, and guess what: all three 
of them are "my own." There has never been the slightest difference between 
the way my wife and I feel about our adopted children, versus the way we 
feel about our biological child. Congratulations on your beautiful 
daughter, Chance and Sarah, and congratulations on your acceptance of the 
Savior. God bless!!!