I love the Summerhays!!Sacrifice golf for the Lord! Love it! I like golf. I love the restored gospel. Loved the video!Actually, the gospel is a restoration of what Christ himself was teaching, 
but because people of that time hardened their hearts, the gospel was 
removed for a time and restored through Joseph Smith. I agree with Lexi, if 
there is anything that you would like to know or feel confused about, 
please feel free to contact the missionaries. They won't force you into the 
baptismal font, they're there to answer any questions you have and won't 
push you past your comfort zone :) I watched it because it had a great full-age...in the back ground. I just 
new it was a golf course. but hay... all joking a side. This is a great 
missionary tool." watch it" Great video.Bruce and his family are from my hometown. I can tell you he is a solid guy 
and has raised great kids. Salt of the earth.I enjoyed this videoStephen saw God and Jesus at the same time. Moses saw and talked with God 
face to face and lived Exodus 33:11. Deuteronomy 4:2 is almost I identical 
to the scripture in revelations you refer to. Does that mean everything 
after that shouldn't exist. Context is crucial. The bible wasn't compiled 
till long after John wrote Revelations. John kept writing things that would 
later be in the bible. The Book of Mormon has an invitation at the 
beginning and end to find out from God if it is true.just go to mormon.org. you can chat live with missionaries and regular 
members of the church :)I just got called to serve in his mission- Spanish speaking!! I am so 
excited!! So why don't you do your research? Try listening to the missionaries and 
their message and asking God if it's true. That's the only way to know.GoodluckDon't judge him or myself cause I sin differently than you. Mind your own 
business....that's all people. Grow up do something els useful. Have a good 
lifetrust me, people do a LOT of homework before becoming mormon. There's even 
requirements like you have to go to church a certain number of times and 
meet with the missionaries a certain number of times before you can be 
allowed to be baptized. Also, I see your point, but if you think about it 
the United States has been around for only a little bit longer and people 
still decide to live in the US. My mission president. One of the best guys I know!What does your religion have to do with being a golfer?Why watch a video you don't like, Mormon or not this is an inspiring video 
that shows that he stands up for what he believes in, there is no need for 
negative comments on such a happy video...and I'm a girlI'm related to him!! he is my great uncle. The golf part of this story was cool.@willy2madre You do relize the Steve Young, old quarter back for the 49ers 
is Mormon and was and still is a very active member of the LDS (mormon) 
faith. Who said those that are LDS cant do their jobs to make their living 
when it requires them on Sunday? Other pro LDS golfers- Billy Casper, Keith 
Clearwater, Dan Forsman, Johnny Miller. There are LDS people in all pro 
sportsI am a mormon and it is different if it is your jobHow is he a pro golfer if he can't play on sunday? He must not have made 
the cut too often@andrewrobertwells you wouldn't see or feel or trust a specific faith, had 
you not been taught it from someone else. it's why I don't believe in any 
particular religion. why would a supreme being need other people to spread 
it's word and believe in it? why couldn't that supreme being just tell you 
personally the truth? This seems like a genuine guy. He was living his dream playing professional 
golf, but then he gave it up to try to teach others about Jesus Christ. 
Like he said, "you see it, you feel it, you trust it." Sounds like a good 
definition of faith to me. facebook is banking on you...bro This guy's sponsored by Redbull @tyl3r6024 dude we can drink caffeine, I drink Dew all the time. cool story broAnd i thought mormons only bothered me at my door... BUT YOUTUBE?WOW!!! This is really boring. this guy cannot hit it 300.Im sorry but all your videos, have this underlying feature. You pick somone 
sucessfull, and make it seem like there only that way cause there Mormon. 
Thats why you get so many dislikes. Change that and change the opinion 
people have of you.@tyl3r6024 Roman Catholic is the best <3is there a way to delete featured videos on here? i'm sick 0f getting "I'm 
a mormon" on random videos like watching space ghost clips, or featured 
beyonce videos when i'm trying to watch Queen or Rammstein.It's really good that they focused so much on golf. I mean, everyone knows 
that people with other Religions don't play golf. They should have focused 
on something more Mormon. Such as not drinking caffeine, living in Utah, or 
having a thousand kids. What a great video. Thank you!cute win fail to this???yeeeeeah representing the truth, that's what's up! and I feel like people 
are going to comment saying you shouldn't say "truth" because some 
disagree, sorry it's just a thing I say, you don't have to agree although I 
encourage you to but yeah. (:@ImTheDruggernaut ....and you spelled it wrong.do you seriously need to promote your religion? on youtube!? What do mormons believe again?Mormon is great mormon is fine.I don't get if these videos are supposed to promote tolerance towards 
Mormons, or whether it's an advertisement for the religion. What's the 
point?And I'm an Athiest.These videos are so random? Why would I care about some one else's 
religion... I WATCHING A P BAT VIDEO!@ImTheDruggernaut Have fun in HellSo what religion are you promoting. You need to be more obvious, like 
really.coolI'm an Atheist. But respect to this guy. Because I love watching golf.Cool story, Bro....and I'm an Atheist@EliteSniipez13 This was a PROMOTED video for me.@ThePantyDroper Why don't you pause the video at 1:33 and you'll actually 
see him conversing with one. At least he looks black to me. Apparently you 
paid close attention to the video. That is the problem with most of you 
people. You take what you hear from others, and don't actually look into 
the beliefs of the church for yourselves to better understand them. Then 
you criticize them for it. I'm pretty sure your lame criticisms aren't 
going to change thier faith in God though. Nice try! :-)And I'm an atheist. Get at me, Bruce.Judging by the title of the video...and your youtube username... I'm 
guessing you're Atheist......... CHRISTIANS RULE!!!!!!!Youtube, r u happy i finally took time 2 watch this "featured video"???....and i have a life@annoyingkid37 ...And Morman is Christian..sad go back to golf!!Thumbs up if this was your "Featured Video"@hammerogod the persons religion has nothing to do with if there a good 
person or not you idiot you can say your any thing that doesnt change who 
you realy areWhen are they going to realize these videos aren't working.Why don't you ever see black people in these mormon commercials. They 
racist?aand im athiest...@DragonEX200 no its because uncensored material might give the oportunity 
for other information to be heard, making people THINK instead of just 
believing what they hearI used to be a Mormon and now im atheist. But I find it interesting that 
Mormons live 10% longer than their fellow homo-sapiens. I think it's 
because of their social and community life; no other community like it; 
humans are essentially pack animals. They dont do drugs/smoke/drink/coffee. 
They also fast once a month, and intermittent fasting/caloric restriction 
studies in mice have been shown to increase lifespan drastically. I quit 
because I couldnt keep clean thoughts when I hit puberty lol.Ever seen the book of Mormon?So basically these videos are needed to tell people that not all Mormon's 
are crazy religious people. But I don't see how it tells you anything about 
the religion or why you should believe in it. @MrStevenfa I don't believe the point of the video is to say "I'm mormon 
and a good golfer because of it". The object is more about showing that 
Mormons are not just some strange group of people. Obviously a face/name 
that people can recognize is going to reach a larger audience. I don't know 
how you came across this video, but I think it is possible that you would 
have never seen it if Summerhays was not a part of it. Do you need to advertise religion Go back to Utahcan somebody please explain to me how these commercials promote mormonism? 
all i see is some regular guy with a regular life and regular job. why do i 
need to be a mormon to get these things? i already have these things and 
i'm an atheist so how are you trying to 'persuade' people? @ThoseTwoGuys24 ever heard of google?I don't need a religon to be a good person! just saying!....Bruce is The Man!!! He is A Champion and The Nicest Guy in The World. I was 
blessed to work for him and know him very well. Wish more people were doing 
great work like Bruce and Lady Caroline. Way to Go Bruce!! Love This 
Video!! Miss you Both!!@radelta It is because censorship is the way of almost every religious 
organization in human existence due to the concept that uncensored material 
may cost the organization power. @ThoseTwoGuys24 its a religion like catholic.....and im Catholic@IPotsieI Pshh no.I thought Mormons were only good at Scrabble...What's the bid deal about being a Mormon?? come out to my house... i will shoot you with paintball guns till you cry 
"jesus" in the way youve never done before...They have internet?... And I'm a mormon@radelta Not true. Only comments that contain profanity or derisive 
comments are edited or not allowed. If you look on most of the other 
videos, you will see plenty of comments, both negative and positive, but 
conducted in a civil manner. Any neanderthal can curse, we hope for more 
than that. Cheers.All religions are man made period. They all are a fantasy.How much does it cost to get into this club?i want to make a dubstep song called "and im a mormon"@drl52 You know, arguing against someones opinion is pretty much useless, 
but the fact that you use sarcasm to mock zenzill's opinion, not to mention 
over the internet, is was what amused me most. Basically, you embodied that 
which you are ridiculing. No offense, but you ought not to be ignorant.It talks more about golf then being Morman. Golf is boring.To tell the truth, I dont know why thses videos have so many dislikes. I'm 
a Baptist, and I think it's wrong how all these people dislike this because 
it's different.@bumblebee051985 Haha I totally missed that... well maybe he was trying to 
prove that he can hit it 300 yards... I like the last thought.@MrStevenfa Some members of the church have been asked to do these videos 
to show that mormons are not different you and I. For to long the media and 
funny comedy central cartoons have plagued mormons as different people. So 
these videos are to show that Mormons are just regular people as well. If 
you did noot want to hear him talk about the church you did not have to 
click on the video which is entittled I;m a mormon. You know what you where 
watching@ZenZill Hmm, and your comment is spilling over with useful information. 
Negative undertone and condescending. You must have the truth! Please edify 
us ZenZill.@MrStevenfa So we are not to use the gifts God has given us to share what 
we believe to be true? Is the glass never half full anymore with anyone? I 
respect a man that strives to live according to the principles of the LDS 
faith with all of the pressures that come from celebrity. @hellomoto131313 You speak as if God is not a god of order but at god of 
Chaos. Would the true religion of God not be "organized"? the first thing i've ever given a thumbs down to on youtubegood for you but did you really need to make a video to let us know?