Lol, these people are awesome.I'm Muslim, and I personally hate it when people slam my religion just 
because I believe in Allah, and not their God. And our own crazies are 
terrorists and jihadists, which spoil the bunch, don't help our reputation 
at all.Christian Power!:43 ooohhh that energy, hehewhy terribleMormons are great people, with a terrible religion Helenatorr - Proud Youtuber, Late Night Internet Surfer, Dragon SlayerThis video is so uplifting. It is cool that Mormons are willing to serve in 
their church without pay.To daniibaby500. I think the purpose of this campaign "I am a Mormon" is to 
help no Mormons understand that we are just your basic everyday people who 
come from all walks of life. It is unfortunate that thousands of 
non-Mormons actually think we are a bunch of misfits who live in the 
shadows of polygamy and have no educations or knowledge of the world. It 
isn't at all to say that we are better or more blessed. Relax! You're 
special too! Even if you're not a Mormon. :-)For the one who asked about poor disenfranchised Mormons... I was raised 
poor, several years with out a home. Then in the projects. Now a single mom 
working 12 hour days. Lucky enough to have Internet access, but still no 
cable tv, & no vacations. Yep! I am still a very happy Mormon! And I am 
also very happy for that blessed family! Good for them! :-) so there! :-)"Faith makes it easier.." I love that. So true no matter who you are or 
what you are doing. Did I ask you if you were a morman. What does having a normal life, a good 
job, and being a great mom have to do with anything. To me personally all 
of these videos are saying'' Look how great I am'' ''I'm soo special''. 
Only mormans. not all.Cool story bro, tell it at parties! Aww thanks for the message, very uplifting!I met the Sherinians quite a few years ago in Quito Ecuador. They are an 
amazing couple! If you meet them you should ask them to sing their duet of 
'You are my sunshine.' If Aaron and Emily ever read this, You guys changed 
my life just in the few months I was serving in your area. E'Hulse@Rupert1901 whats wrong with that? you watched the video and now you know 
how normal and awesome they are hahaha@apollokid2 SALVATION!!!!!If you non-Mormons don't want to watch this then don't click on it! Gosh! 
Your in charge of your mouse. There are plenty of other things for you to 
watch!@apollokid2 money. periodSo, you're just gonna brag? Sorry if I am being mean, but, I don't really 
like mormons my sis made me watch the video and I am trying really hard not 
to swear lmao@GPCPolitics Isn't it more like 40% or 50%?All these people are the same. @GPCPolitics america is a part of the UN you idiot@6XstringXsamurai I want to start by saying i'm NOT a LDS. lol..BUT, 
"mormons" don't single themselves out, other people single them out as 
Mormons. Also, i bet you don't go around saying catholics are "strange & 
different" just because they call themselves Catholics AND believe in 
christ? Right?@GPCPolitics America, was not "white" land ...American Indians were here on 
this continent before the arrival of Europeans, who then stole it from 
them. They also stole, oh no sorry "purchased" part of it from Mexicans..so 
I think you should keep your prejudiced comments to your self. It doesn't 
matter weather people are African American, Mexican, Japanese, or 
Russian..or weather people are Mormon, Catholic, or Jehova's Witnesses, 
what matters is the actual person & his/her actions/feelings. That guy works for the United Nations? Screw the UN and there New World 
Order. America is the best and we will fight back against the UN. 14/88@mattiethedrummer616 Oi! 80% of the world are christain, If your not 
Christain get out of my country. America was a white christain land! 14/88oh my as I sit here and read through these comments I start to realize how 
none of you know the actual religion. My advice to you if before you start 
bashing on it find out what it really is and not what you hear from people. 
Maybe sit down and do some research. We dont believe Christianity is 
American and so if you have a lot of kids you are mormon. Seriously if you 
are going to sit here and judge someone on there religion then who are you. so.. youre normal. cool? being mormon doesnt give me superpowers? whats the 
point? it seems like most of these mormon videos are aimed at converting 
women.@NachtCrus Then im Robocop@nachtcrus haha ummm if they were normal people, they could care less about 
god, would get divorced probably within the first 2 years of their 
marriage, wouldnt want to have any kids during their marriage and focus on 
their careers instead, etc.. overall they wouldnt have a very happy 
life..aaron and emily are extremely happy, unlike many people of the 
world…how could you hate them for having a happy life? ohh wait but why do 
they have a happy life? because of what the mormon church teaches.Mormons.... the belief that Christianity is AMERICAN. No wonder countries 
hate us.That's just too many kids, there's over 6 billion people on earth, 
honestly, concrete now takes over MILES AND MILES of nature's land, does 
anyone else see an issue with this? Call me a tree hugger, but that's too 
many kids, there's hardly any wildlife left now we want to have 10 kids and 
have be acceptable? Forget that, let's just backoff the baby boomer stage, 
you don't NEED 4 KIDS. i dont care how busy you are, im not going to become a mormon.@GretchenDawntreader actually, if you take a real class or do some honest 
research on how many manuscripts there were of the Bible, and the 
monotonous process scribes and apprentice scribes took to copy the Bible, 
you would see that it would be nearly impossible to change the Bible even 
if you really wanted to, because there are so many copies and those 
tediously copying the manuscripts. And in the 1940s, the dead sea scrolls 
were discovered to date back to 250 BC, showing to be 99.5% accurate.oh i thought this video was a youtube adIs this some cheezy way to convert us to the "Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints?" Phew... I'm not becoming a Mormon if you guys put so 
much effort into these videos to try and explain how your "normal."I think Mormons should be offended by this video. It makes it seem like 
people weren't sure whether Mormons were human or not before this video 
came out.they people need a drinkthe message: Mormons are people not robots who live in their church.@thehermitman I don't think it's just LDS churches that are getting 
ridiculed. It's all of religion and every religion. People are finally 
evolving enough to realize how completely delusional it all is. And if 
Mormons are christians...why not just call yourselves Christians? You 
single yourself out and thus force people to think LDS's are something 
strange and different...and you know how gracefully people handle things 
that are different than them. oh the energy... -_-I am SO confused by the negative reception of these videos. Being a member 
of the LDS church really does improve your life if you're in it for the 
right reasons. You learn to be a better member of the community and family. 
You are led to find a real faith in Jesus Christ. We're just trying to 
spread that message to people who are looking for meaning and help in life.@smakmybitchup341 clearly you are under the mistaken impression no one 
throughout medieval history ever changed stuff in the bible. Do some 
research. I'm not defending mormonism, I am lumping them together with all 
religions as worthy of ridicule...including christophilia.@smakmybitchup341 The Bible is not in chrnological order, The Book of 
Revelation is not the last book written in The Bible although it is the 
last book in the order of which the Bible was organized. The Book of Mormon 
is not part of The Bible either it is another testament of Jesus Christ. 
Over the years as the Bible was translated from language to language some 
minor elements were lost in translation. It would have been correct at the 
timeit was written however.and they wonder why the guys who created South Park made a Broadway play 
about them. god the possibilities of parody.Why do mormons love Armenians? why is this so entertaining with the 1911 filter put on?Don't you know that the book of mormon is not the word of God because at 
the end of the book of Revelation it says you shouldn't add or take away 
anything that was written in the Bible? and also didn't you know that none 
of the other prophets before Joseph Smith ever claimed there were any 
"errors" in the Bible that "needed correcting"Mormons aren't normal, and they're only awesome if you like playing board 
games and waking up early. These are such misleading and stupid videos."uuuuuughhhh that energy....." Sounds like she has something specific in 
mind.... And yeah, wtf is this.... Mormons have to show they aren't 
completely psycho? I'll give them this... I think they are less crazy than 
Scientologists... @danmx Not to mention how totally dysfunctional their mind set & behaviour 
really is. Most religions are like this unfortunately. @lizurds Neat. I so hate that word, it's just so keen, gosh golly gee 
willikers!i'm sorry, but mormanism sounds like a disease.jimmer should definitely do a mormon commercial. normal people are boring. mormons are boring. think for yourselves, or be 
sheep to the slaughter of the human spirit!@NachtCrus Exactly, everyone thinks their a freaking cult, but they are 
actually normal people.Come on, tell us about what we really want to know about. Tell us about... 
...the magnets.@danmx Mormons as of 5 years ago had the highest rate of psyche med use in 
their culture. They women especially are forced to live up this "Leave it 
to Beaver" type mother role. Always happy, always emotionally available 
working and home making and it wears some of them to the ground. Their 
teenage children also have a HUGE problem with Oxycontin, I know I treat a 
lot of them!Evangelistic people are pretty cool till they find out you aren't going to 
be converted by them, then this sort of lovely pitiful middle finger pops 
up in your face as they walk to the next house. It's kind of annoying.@InfiniteMushroom the heck u talkin bout. its all hogwash anyway.to paraphrase: 'Hey, we're perfectly normal people...except for the 
unfortunate fact that we happen to believe in some totally ridiculous, 
make-believe, borderline sci-fi nonsense.'Damn the mom like had an orgasm. "AWW Yeah His energy!"@NachtCrus It's as if they have something to hide... I keep seeing this and 
the videos by British Petroleum in the promoted videos section, which leads 
me to believe that Mormons and BP have something in common. I love this showing how this family is so active and loving!!!why are you a suggested video? i was watching a black ops montage. 
ps...magnets?@danmx That sucks that you found such a mean family.I'm not anywhere close 
to a christian(or any other religion)frankly I'll never be involved in 
religion because I think organized religion is silly. But I was in foster 
care and placed with the most wonderful morman family.(maybe it was just 
them but they were so cool to me even though they knew I didn't share their 
beliefs^_^)Not the whole community is that mean, some are cool! Maybe where 
you lives they're mean.Sorry you found meanieheads T.TI am very confused as to what to think... What is happening to my senses? 
Jazz music? Why? Illustrious husband... What?WOW, great vid, except they said absolutley nothing about the ridiculous 
beliefs of this religion! haha they could have said "I'm (insert any 
religion here)" and it wouldn't change anything, pointlessIf Mormons were like everyone else why on earth would they need to pay 
youtube to spam every page with their videos? "It's ok... we're normal like you... hehe :D" *steals wallet*My name's Glagnar, I'm a flesh eating monster.... I like long walks on the 
beach, mostly to kill people, severing their heads and throwing them to the 
sharks. I find that its...quite relaxing.. I also love pizza! Yes, yes, 
pizza is my favorite. I work for First Bank & Trust as a teller, its not a 
bad job, it's very rewarding at times. My name is Glagnar, and I'm a Mormon.Thank god I'm an Atheist!"We went from man-to-man to zone defense." Did anyone else recognise that 
joke from Baby Blues?I don't understand how so many people dislike this video. It's a fun little 
vid w/ a reality feel about a family and some of their life details. I 
thought people generally liked reality tv. Very well done to, by the way. 
Was it the Mormon detail? What if they were Baptist,...or Muslim? Would it 
still be so many dislikes? Hmmm....Hmmm the fact that all the comments are moderated speaks enough for itself. 
But moderate all you want guys, the dislike bar speaks enough in its own 
way. are mormon's normal?you forgot to mention that you're thicker than a block of rion.Don't become Mormon!! They'll kick you off their basketball team for having 
sex!!I can't figure out what the message of this ad is. Marketing faith, weird! I thought we we're supposed to be "attracted" to 
Jesus because He alone can reconcile us to the Father and forgive us of our 
sinful condition. Not attracted to "normal" Mormons who can hold a job and 
laugh to upbeat music. Jesus said we we're gonna be hated in this world, 
the more you look like the world, the less you look like Him! I pray one 
day you would meet the true Jesus and be reconciled to the Father and not 
worry about fitting in!Why do you have so many damn kids?boooooring!hmm every mormon video i have seen is rich white people no no no no no.... This isnt how people live, first off they need to be 
tan. Then They need muscles, and every night they should go to a club and 
bring home women. At least once every season they have to be arrested, oh 
wait I was thinking of jersey shore nevermindIf you have to make 40 videos to show that mormons are 'normal' I would 
suggest you 'doth protest too much!"so they have what? 30-40 children? you are not good mormons until you have more children, and keep goingI used to be a Morman. I like to think of those days as the 'dark ages' of 
my life.Aaron.. you taught us Italian at the Y! Neat to see you on YouTube! :) 
Corey & Liz ButcherMore than normal!! Wow. I was exhausted just watching this! One thing stood 
out "what a perfect pair"some how we all make it work.@NachtCrus basically, because most people think that all mormans are really 
weird.What a beautiful family!Mormons is a very special. NilAllen@NachtCrus We basically are...@NachtCrus are you sure...? Hmmm i dontttt knowwwso... the message is that mormons are normal people?There is only one way to forgive, and thats from the heart :)