There are a lot of things you probably couldn’t go a day without. Phone, 
Facebook, bacon. But what about the really important things that you 
#CantLiveADayWithout? Prayer, family, faith? 

What are the things that matter most to you? 

http://mor.mn/36cnr﻿So great to see the balance between basketball and family, even if they 
don't always appreciate the way he makes a sandwich, kids are great at 
keeping us humble!﻿I love that he says that too many times we give our best to someone else 
and our family gets the left overs and is what he tries to not let happen.  
That really made me think about who is getting my best, is it my family?  
If not it really should be.﻿Christ gives his all to those who give their best to him in the times that 
are their best even when it can be the most difficult.﻿love these guysGreat example of putting family first!! It's amazing how athletic he is. How inspirational!Great video, shows balance and most importantly family base from which to 
build life. Paora is an awesome example. Love that guy!"He's our favorite player" that's so cute! :)Awesome! This guy has his life in the right order!Is he a kiwi?im veryyy lucky to had him as my own coach. i wish i couldve stayed 
training with him. he doesnt only made you a better man in the court but 
also off the court. he taught us the right way of life, how life is like a 
game, mutual respect for paora. wish him all the best and his academy look it up on lds.org or mormon.org What is a "Mormon"?Very CoolMy nephew Shawn Opunui played for BYU and BYU Hawaii. He felt the same 
things. Way to go brother.I'm glad the people of New Zealand have a pro basketball player they can 
really look up to. He is not only great at his sport, but seems to be an 
outstanding husband and father.my parents are leaving for their mission to New Zealand in 2 weeks. It's 
cool to see a video of a member from there. cool hes mormon just like me it's true, Mormons are christians too!its awesome. i dont understand why Mormans and Christians do not align 
visions. surely unity of believers is priority. Jesus came to create a body 
of believers whilst the world works against it. I'm not sure. But i love 
you guys none the less! great video dude!My favorite comment, he gives his BEST to his family. LOVE! His the man. Love it when he does the lessons on Sunday haha Cool, pretty cool. Good to see another great example of family!Awesome :) I am moving to New Zealand nowthe man!your amazing paoraI noticed a lot of the mormon videos, no matter the topic, have dislikes. 
It's simply people hating the church regardless of what we do.Not a problem at all. Being a Christian is a good thing. :) Mormons are 
Christian too.My favorite so far :D@jinnagus Sad thing is, i knew a kid in California that honestly believed 
Mormons had horns. Of course we were really young and i might have 
encouraged that belief XDGreat video, awesome guy. Paora is the man!!!! Arohanui'@gymroxy63 It matters because these videos are made to change the 
misperceptions that so many people have about mormons. they are obviously 
not trying to preach any religious message, just correct all the false 
ideas people have about mormons. ...and I'm a Christian. Problem?How TALL is he??@marcus1winter the very last sentence, why does it matter what religion he 
is?? RESPECT"now [my family] gets the best of me"-----awesome!!!! So sweet. Love it!What a wonderful family! It is great to see a strong man who loves & leads 
his family.Love this video thanx Paora and whanau wonderful example in putting your 
best foot forward in all you do The Lord, your wife and family and in what 
ever you aspire to do in life!!! love you xxx26 dislikes?? whats not to dislike?? Please explain.... Shot bro! (like my play on words:) hahaBeautiful video Paora Winitana.