I like this, It has inspired me to try radio"Always wear high heels" ha ha hamormons don't think theyre better than anyone else or their lives are 
harder....but in all honesty it's really tough keeping lds standards 
sometimesHe's your friend? I think it is interesting that if you are a normal person, you are weird. 
It is what you do that makes you a good person, right?! The norms and moral 
in a society. We live in a falling society and we need guidance. It does 
not mean, I am perfect but it means, I am trying really hard. I can tell I 
am not perfect but I am trying my best to follow Christ example, that's 
what matters!!how did you get the idea that mormons believe they are better than anyone 
else?sorry that you have those misconceptions because mormons certainly don't 
believe that. My friend, nobody put a gun to your head to "click" on this video ;)Not every single person in a religion thinks the same way, some take it so 
far, others just move on but still carry beliefs. Religion is sort of like 
what might keep a person together if they use it the right way, not like 
how Joseph Kony or the extremist taliban uses it, but to keep you as an 
individual going. I know loads of people who have made their life positive 
from religion, gangbangers,drug dealers, addicts,prostitutes. It does build 
better values in that person, and that person is proofWait, Mormons are normal people? Just like us!? I had no idea! I guess I 
shouldn't be prejudiced anymore. Thanks "...and I'm a Mormon" series!i cant wait until religion dies out. i mean chris hitchens ideas are 
brilliant. we as a society cant evolve further until these childish 
mythological fairy tales have been ceased. think about it. 100million ppl 
think the world is coming to an end...and that everything that happens is 
ordained by god.. do you think this belief gives them any motivation to 
build better values/society etc...?Okay, why is it that all of a sudden Mormanism is so much more important 
and special than any other religion? I have nothing against mormans but 
just how they think that being morman is a harder life than any one else.Man, all these mormon video are not very popular.They screen their comments, big surprise.BOOK OF MORMON!The word Mormonism is not an offensive phrase or any sort of slang. It is 
the correct grammatical term when describing one's being a Mormon. Please 
stop trying to sound smart.Why does it matter if she is a Mormon? @streetmagicstyle Absolutely! In fact, That most of the time, is the case. 
The point is, that Mormons are people, doing anything from acting, 
journalism, engineering or even be president! There is constantly rumors 
floating around about Mormons not being normal for several reasons. And 
this just helps people get over their stereotypes of MormonsIf only Jospeh Smith wasn't born during 19th century...I hate when people say "mormonism", it makes it sound like some disease.Mormons after conversion receive their near perfection family/career package@ChrisCaelanThomas then why'd you watch? I have no problem with christians but when mormons feel the need to make a 
channel and put this as the "featured video" on every other video i watch, 
then i get pissedWhy does everyone hate Mormons..? What did we ever do to you? We don't try 
to make anyone change faiths, or religions... We're normal people like 
everyone else so just stop..it's funny, the mormons know that people think of mormons as weird people. 
thats why they do the commercials on youtube xD@Kyanlikethepepper hi@TheNextSmitty Growing up, I always wondered why they weren't open on 
Sundays...That is one hot mormon.@Kyanlikethepepper I see your gay atheist liberal and raise you a 
Pastafarianstill not caring, lol@radbrent Wait a second. an Atheist named Brent? Impossible. All the Brents 
I've ever known have been fundies. madrid is a city.no habla understood mormon splaglish!why cant she wake me up early in the weekends?! ;D but seriously, i hate it 
when they do thatYay! I love being a Mormon! :DOH HOLLA, she is fine.@gotyourtongue Did those figures come from your sphincter or did you just 
forget to list your source?@420killahkush these videos are not to advertise a religion, sorry you 
might see it that way, they are to clear up myths and rumors about mormons 
and to show that they are just like you a me, normal peopleWould anyone out there be interested in knowing that I'm a retired 
accountant, a widow, a grandmother, a gourmet cook and that I'm a Lutheran. 
I don't think so! People who are secure in their faith do not need to 
advertise it.The fact that religions feel the need to advertise....and I don't care...I believe in magic.........husband? i thought that was her son at firstSo.. unless you are Mormon you can't be a journalist? Here is a better 
question, what is it that a Mormon journalist can do in a supernatural 
manner that a regular person can't? Exactly, religion is useless.Nobody cares.If this is supposed to make me want to be a mormon, it isn't working.i think you missed the part where she said spain.And I am a christian...WOW i need to stop watching these! These stories have nothing to do with 
being mormon and they are all dislikes more than people like them. Leave us 
alone mormons! We obviously disagree!! Are you really advertising a 
religion??By 0:59, you'd think this was an insurance commercial....Why the hell was this in my suggestions?And i'm not. TG!This video is just pointing out that Mormons are normal people, and that 
you should just respect them as they are. I'm one, and I love it. People 
who give negative votes and make fun of this video are just afraid of the 
unknown., or are just fed on lies about our church. OMG really 2,096 you people dont have god in your life this is why you 
dislike mormons are nice kind and it's awesome go ahead dislike we will be 
going to heaven.since i was leadleYeuchShe looks like the actress who plays Whitney...@highbury41 "Atheists" do not have the answers to "our questions". 
Simplistic questions? Really? The start of the universe is in no way a 
simplistic question. You can stand behind the Big Bang Theory and evolution 
from single cell organisms and others will stand behind Creationism. We can 
see the universe, observe the changes and make assumptions but nothing has 
been proven as to how it all began. In your own words "just don't be 
stupid".@JoJaDaRu Who told you that if you didn't convert to mormonism you were 
condemned to hell? Mormons don't believe this. In fact, they believe there 
are very specific reasons why people would go to hell(surprisingly, murder 
isn't necessarily one of them).hipster alert 1:05@ReapersGrasp what is a Pastafarian? are you italian??He's a stay-at-home dad? THAT'S AWSEOME!STOP BEING FEATURED. There are Muslims, Christians, atheists, and they 
don't make all these dam videos trying to do PR.This has almost nothing to do with Mormonism. Its not like you become a 
Mormon and suddenly you're successfulThe amount of dislikes makes me lul. @Kyanlikethepepper i love youPastafarian is the only TRUE religion!Uh im pretty sure leeds, england is the best place in the worldTHESE VIDEOS ARE EVERYYYWHWHEHRHRHHRHshe is hot. Spain isn't the greatest country ever, and a lot of Spaniards are 
Catholic?!?!?!I'm a journalist, a mother, a Spaniard, I always wear heels, My name is 
Irene Caso, and I'm a PCWow, people really hate Mormons......and I'm a troll. Problem? @antartica1999 If you are Communist I'm with you!!!!Because tomorrow 
belongs to me!!!!!So what.I'm Serbian Orthodox and I do not have enough money to advertise 
myself and my family but I will never change my Christian Orthodox for 
something where I can not find real sense of God.Remember only Orthodox are 
the ONES.hi i am an atheist...@PikKirby your comment made me smile! I'm sure you're not the only one. 
But, I'm glad that now you know? Have a good day.And im not a morman.@16zzundel5 It doesn't make the argument invalid, it just makes it invalid 
to you and the people you mentionI'm not a mormon, but if you guys got nothing nice to say, don't say it....and i'm athiestyou have a big mouth. your mouth is too big.so apparently madrid's a country..........Would this please stop showing up above suggestions? I'm NOT a mormon. Madrid is the greatest country ever. Lmfaooo.Albert Einstein. ...and he's NOT a mormon.that nose, NICE TRY JEW.@andysowards They wanna run your country too. XD@SeamusMochi True that!hi, im daniel. i like america, my diet is a bowl full of america in the 
morning after sleeping on a good american matress. and bank of america is 
where i work. and later that day, the bathroom is where i america.... and 
im an americanCan I just say that the hating comments are completely unnecessary? I know 
Irene personally and she is an amazing person. I am a Mormon. I don't say 
rude or hateful things about other religions . The argument that it is easy 
to believe in God if nothing bad happens to you is invalid, my parents also 
separated when I was very young, and my Mormon neighbor just had a child 
that is suffering from intense seizures, the doctors cannot at the moment 
figure out what is causing them.@AForkSpoon Not to mention that the point of these videos is simply to 
improve their rep to begin with.they knock on my door, now they are in my youtube!?who cares?another wonderful day to not be mormon...:DYou're a mormon? Cool story bro.Mormons are way to happy! I'm disliking this!!!!!You know what keeps me going? A belief in myself, not god.you could just clean the building? that would require leaving the kitchen