Great to hear others experiences.Oh Shenandoah. One of my favorites. :) What is that song called?This was so very touching. Made me cry. GodblessI'm a Mormon, God would want us to be happy... and to find are happiness in 
life. Cute baby,and young family.Very touching. And she's beautiful. God bless.that is one dang cute baby! she is lucky to have a loving Mom & Dad.Pretty voice.!Wonderful voice!Sometimes, it is so much easier to give up but her example showed me the 
importance of keep going!It's refreshing to see positive videos like these, because we live in just 
a negative world that only know how to tear down and hold people back from 
their dreams. Here's a person that has just a zeal for living and an 
amazing talent. Her inner beauty comes shining out. Her love and belief in 
God is wonderful. Continue being you.How anyone can dislike these videos tells me how empty and sad some lives 
of people I share this planet with are. I was touched by your story and 
beautiful, clear and crisp voice. Sydney looks awesome. Patrice has a big heart and wonderful singing voice!Cuz Patrice is LDS and people are bigots. But dont let them ruin your 
experience, its a great video and I loved it! I loved her singing and hope 
to hear her live someday if she ever makes it big! :)hahaha my baby cousin loves that (the way the video opens up). Simple 
darling video!beautiful & inspiring.....thank-youI totally agree with you !Because of ignoranceThis is such an awesome video. Why on earth have so many people disliked it?That baby in the beginning is adorable ^_^friends, could you check out some of my spiritual videos too available now 
when you hav a few minutes- thanks so much and God bless you ! huh @gymroxy63 the purpose of these videos is to introduce the world to a 
typical selection of members of the LDS faith. There have been a lot of 
misnomers about Mormons, I have met several people who thought that Mormons 
were Amish; this is a way for the world to learn about us, who we are. I 
know first hand that these ads have made a tremendously positive effect @petervanwinkles investigate it yourself. I felt the same way as you did, I 
didn't think it was possible to know such things but I am the kind of 
person that wants to dive into something and learn all I can before my 
convictions & opinions become concrete. so I read religious books and 
learned about many religions. I read the Book of Mormon and it changed my 
life and what I know to be true. I didn't know such happiness and truth 
existed in the world.@timetomakeauturn In the King James Version, which is the the version that 
the mormons use, in John 4:24 it says "God is a Spirit: and they that 
worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." Just a little side 
note for anyone that reads timetomakeauturn's comment.These "I am a mormon" videos touch me deeply. Reading though the various 
comments below, it's notable that some feel stirrings in their heart, some 
are indifferent, and some are even hostile - reminds me of the parable of 
the sower. By experience, if I am moving away from the Church of Jesus 
Christ - I feel darkness. If I move toward Christ and see to live as a 
latter day saint should - my life is filled with brilliant light. This is a 
good seed, and I will continue to nourish it.what an amazing person (and amazing voice)Mormons are some of the nicest people. Psalms 90:2 "..., or ever thou hadst 
formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, thou 
art God." According to this verse, how long HAS God been God? Isaiah 44:6 
"I am the first, and I am the last, and beside me there is no God." Isaiah 
44:8 "Is there a God beside Me? Yea, there is no God, I know not any." 
Finally, John 4:24 "God is spirit, and has not flesh and bones." Good Every 
goo Mormon should pray about this.Why is it they don't allow comments without approval???????In what religion do you not get that peace?Do whatever it is you guys have to do, just please, stop coming to my door.aaah i couldnt care for any religion. i guess its just not me to follow 
something i wasnt there to witness or just read from a book to have the 
supposed facts. how do i know it stayed true for hundreds of years without 
change?@TheValleyPsalm i see that your normal people, but why does it matter what 
religion you happen to be, i don't see the point in these videos onlyyyy 
because i don't see the reason to broadcast your religion/ any other's 
religion as well, my problem is that the mormon religion seems to be the 
only religion that happens to be doing this, and its not really bringing on 
a good effect or good reputation for mormons, which is the whole purpose@TheValleyPsalm Amen to that.beautyful voise She is so beautiful! Death touches us each in different ways.@setfreejr No it won't.I wish I could have seen Wicked when she was there! Great words from a 
great woman. Thanks Patrice!@Haloskulls117 I think there's a misconception about modern Mormons and 
"mainstream" culture promotes this idea that they're all like the families 
in "Big Love" or a "cult." This is the Mormon church's way of showing that 
Mormons are just regular people. I don't think this is a tool for promoting 
mass conversions of anybody who watches the videos.@Haloskulls117 its not trying to convince people, its showing that mormons 
are just normal people.My favorite part is when she says, "... And I'm a Mormon." :)We love her too. As a radio presenter, it's a joy to know that we have 
enough home-grown talent to play music such as Patrice's, on air. Her 
rendition of Shenandoah - small as it was in this clip, moved me. As we say 
in Oz. Goodonya, Patrice. What a lovely person, and a beautiful story of faith, of living to create 
Beauty, and of a family. Thank you for creating this!I love these videos. They really show how great life can be being a Latter 
Day Saint regardless of what people may think. They obviously strive to 
fight for FAMILY UNITY and CHILDREN's RIGHTS. Its what Jesus would do I 
suppose. CTR I believe. They sure do CHOOSE THE RIGHT in UtahFour Dislikes? How could you possibly dislike any element of this video? 
Seriously that's terrible, if you don't like Mormons take it out somewhere 
else. Awesome video. Thumbs up for Wicked, thumbs up for cute babies, and thumbs 
up for mormons! Check us out at mormon dot org