I am glad to see that I'm not the only Mormon blogger :)Thanks for your story. I'm sorry for all those that have to make negative 
comments. Thanks for sharing your faith.I really like Daisy's story, because it just goes to show, that some people 
can git stuck in there thinking about how Mormons are, or what there 
suppose to be. And all a missionary said was read the Book of Mormon for 
yourself, and pray about it, and ask if it is true... In your heart.Thanks for sharing your story, Daisy. :) It was very sincere and I loved it.Who said that Mormons develop their relationship with God only by going to 
church on Sundays? Our relationship with God is in our hearts and in 
everything we do. We just go to church to praise him. :)of course you don't need to be a Mormon to have a relationship with go. but 
being a Mormon makes that relationship stronger. same-thing with every 
other christian church. and ya even without a church you can still have a 
strong relationship with god. How can so many people dislike this? She found a stronger relationship with 
God and told about it. I think it's greatSpot on.does that make any sense?! if your educated you can not believe in God?AMEN to that bro. God lives Heck im christian i agreeshe's a beautiful person. it takes courage to ask in faith and then to 
trust an answer from God. who disliked this? Mormons have been getting a bad rap recently and many people associate them 
with other groups which isn't true. This is to help show the lives of 
Mormons' to help dispel the myths surrounding the religion, to help them 
represent themselves. why do you need to market your religion and put out some general image of 
Mormons, whats the point? If people come to these beliefs, they should 
because its what they belive. Not because it's cool or whatever. This woman 
sounds like she has a genuine belief. Thats great. different people find 
this kind of fulfillment through different ways, some through jesus, some 
through buddha, personally for ME, its just "god". and i believe because of 
my lfe experiences, not because i saw a commercial.you're no different from... ____________________@sgtpete1 I know how you feel, I once felt the same way! Go to mormon.org 
and find the nearest chapel, or chat online!! Getting baptized was the best 
thing that's ever happened to me :)@guardman12345 As she said, she read the Book of Mormon and gained a 
testimony of it. It's that simple@pakchan10 That's I was once said!! And when I turned 18 I got baptized and 
joined the LDS Church. All I can say is never say never :)@meowco69 so wrong dude @MultiRuby85 Have you seen the videos with the scientists who are 
Christian? Muslim? Jewish? A scientist believing in Mormonism doesn't prove 
anything at all.@guardman12345 because she watched southpark and it told her that if she 
wasn't mormon she would go to hell. duuuuhhhh@burroughs87 Oh my goodness, you are awesome!! ^^@meowco69 How did you know?Now they are taking Asians? NOOOOOOI actually enjoy these stories. :)That seems to be what mormonism is REALLY about from what I gather. To read 
the works of God and pray to know if its true or if it is right. I find 
that is how I conduct my own spiritual practice. I wonder if I will see a video someday on the right of my screen titled, 
"And I'm an Atheist" :)I only hate someone because of THEIR spelling @Roninlord25a Actually..It's a tenth of our income. And since we believe 
that God gives us everything, we believe in giving a small percentage of 
that back to him. And the money goes to building temples and church 
buildings."I had a good set of values and a good set of morals" before she became a 
Mormon? WAIT WAIT WAIT! But I thought you can't have morals without 
religion?!hawt....but not enough for me to convert to mormonism i love this.I like this girl, she's cool.the top comments makes me sad because i used to believe that the LDS church 
was a cult, esp where i am from in the bible belt. It wasn't until I 
actually went to church myself and read the book of mormon for myself that 
I was able to feel like I could judge mormons at all. I'm proud to be LDS 
and invite you guys to stop hiding on the internet that can't allow to 
truly understand the churchSo many people feel like they are missing something in their lives. Talking 
with the missionaries is not scary at all. @macnajee There are a couple to attract guys like us they cannot convince 
with coherent theological arguments.I noticed none of the other religions feel the need to buy ad space on a 
website where dancing bananas and lighting farts on fire is the game... she was great in the joy luck club@gaussmanv2 Hahaha! Yup... Same here! XDMormons fooled me again! This time with a pretty asian... @meowco69 very observant@pinkfurryhat yes. they have asian mormons?@alexward2013 so true bro. LOL @RACISTASSHOLE why?This promo is targeted to pasty white guys who are into asian chicks. "people say if you're educated, then you can't believe in god" well 
clearly, you're not educated, at least not in the science and critical 
thinking arenaI'm sorry, but I ALWAYS laugh when then end with, "....And I'm a Mormon."The religion one picks is usually based on the environment that they live 
in. She probably lives in UTAH or a similar environment.You don't need to be mormon to have a relationship with god. God is in your 
heart, not in a building....@Roninlord25a it's 1/10, by the wayShe's hot, is she the one in the picture of the main page?@y35n00b5 lol u didn't catch anything she said that she's resource managerYou are a special person in God's eyes!0:56, "a lot of people interactions", and she is standing there alone xD,God is for the indecisive, and those who cannot be happy with themselves 
being just a person.@katsoup565 She's good looking, but not ultra-hot. So this tells me you are 
another white guy with an Asian fetish.344 people are open minded and question everything.Good morals! Good family! A relationship with god... facepalm@RADIOHeAd140 If shes a business consultant, then why does she say shes a 
blogger at the end?@Seancui283 ROFLwhat does being a mormon mean?@katsoup565 lol.haters gonna hate, keep posting videos :)this video is pointlessThe point of making these videos is because they want to show that Mormons 
are really no different from all of us. They live normal lives and they 
want us to respect them. We always thought stereotypically that they 
believe in polygamy and they have twisted values. So far, Daisy has a 
better testimony than most, but the purpose of these videos are just to 
show that they are completely normal and that they are moved by God through 
a different approach. Religion is Psychological closure and all in the head. I do believe this 
video backs thatI was raised Mormon and was very active until I was 14-15 years old, yes I 
was still young but I believed, anyway my parents got in a divorce, my 
parents were miserable and still are miserable so that scared me away from 
the church but I realize that's just how it was for them. My dad takes the 
religion way way overboard and says he is worried for me because I don't 
believe and will not be with my family in the afterlife which I think is 
completely bogus, I respect the church now more then ever@chromacopy365 As a matter of fact, I'm very proud...@millerauthor3 haha are you saying everyone else are simply stupid and if 
your smart and successful that the stupid people will exclude you?@LGandBLOODS its just saying that mormons are normal peoplereligion has killed more people then it saved. Save your self and convert 
back to reality before its too late!She seems like a nice person why are they so many dislikes. Her friends 
seem like the retarded ones for not supporting her. so where is your husband ? Is he white?sounds like she is lonely to me. To be honest if she had a husband or bf 
she would not be looking for religion to fill in her emptyness. granted 
alot of lonely people move to religion to fill in lonlyness or other 
things. good luck to her. also get ready to give a third of your income to 
the mormon faith.I'm really confused about these videos. What does a blogger, a footballer, 
a rocker, or pro surfer etc. have to do with the mormon religion? I'm 
confused honestly.Asian chick, educated, single, mormon. I did the math. She's 
1:4657768859994thDaisy Chou... Damn, she's not Knives Chau's mother... mother's mother...Whats a Mormon Im Jewish, but I respect the Mormon religion because they go on their own 
business and practice what they believe. I hate facing religious 
intolerance for being Jewish. I know a lot of Mormons who feel the same 
way. These videos are great education for people who dont know a lot about 
this religion.Asian Mormons? 0.oUm. people. This isn't trying to make you Mormon. This video is just to 
educate people on what mormons believe, and to get rid of the 
misconceptions about them. Mormons are probably some of the coolest people 
I have ever met.nobody cares if your a mormon I think a lot of people are missing the point of these videos. They are in 
NO WAY trying to preach to anyone. They are not trying to convert you. They 
just want to show that Mormons are normal people with normal lives and 
families just like everyone else. And not all of them have huge families, I 
know many single families that are Mormon and never had any kids. It's all 
personal choice, the Mormon church doesn't force anyone to do anything. 
FREE WILL is one of their biggest beliefs.Your not just another asian woman, what so important is that your a mormom 
and don't care about the nations upcoming birthday....do you!@alexward2013 they aren't spending their money trying to get you to be a 
Mormon. They are spending their money trying to stop gay people from 
marrying.@shishkabobpaco met too All these commercials are so that Mitt Romney can run for President; he 
needs to have his Mormonism legitimized. @alexward2013 No one would pay you to be a mormon, its a life choice. And 
trust me, its the happiest choice I ever made. You guys sit and watch these 
even though you "hate" mormons. Why waste your time watching them? If you 
really wanted to know about mormonism go to something legit like the site 
or the BOM, dont just listen to what other people say. If somebody tells 
you something about another person do you immediately believe it? Or do you 
go to that person and find out the truth?0:36 "you don't steal from anyone, you don't lie to anyone" take that 
scientologyWhoever has a problem with the way someone lives their life needs to just 
back off. I'm not even a mormon but more power to you if you are. You found 
happiness in your life with a lifestyle that I, myself, don't necessarily 
live by. But that's what personal peace is.@gaussmanv2 lol I am a a-b student, i am a swimmer, and a sister of 3,and i am a agnostic, 
NOW STOP RINGING MY DOOR BEEL IM NOT GOIGN TO JON YOUR RELIGION GO AWAYSuch a waste. I think someone should start a chain of videos like these 
with Atheists, and remind people that your religious choice does not 
determine your happiness.Videos like these is why I love hailing Satan.If you feel something is missing in your life, or you believe there is more 
to life than what you found, I promise that those voids can be filled! 
These videos echo the words of nearly every Latter Day Saint; I am blessed 
to be affiliated with so many great and caring people!@allythefunkeymonkey your not.