Amazing and inspiring!!!! My Grandson has Muscular Dystrophy and when he 
watched this he told me see Gramma....I can be a fireman if I put my mind 
to it!!! (We will NEVER tell him a wheelchair will prevent that). ﻿that is amazing that he kept his hart up! such strength and faith. Good for him. goodThis brought tears to my eyes. How beautiful <3"And if men come unto me I will show unto them their weakness. I give unto 
men weakness that they may be humble; and my grace is sufficient for all 
men that humble themselves before me; for if they humble themselves before 
me, and have faith in me, then will I make weak things become strong unto 
them" (Ether 12:27). Denny is living proof of this scripture.Denny is as kind and friendly as anyone you will ever find. They didn't 
talk about the annual charity auctions that he runs or the House of Hope 
shelter for women and children that he manages and supports...INCREDIBLE 
guy!Awesome! You are a great example of how to live with love. Keep it up. It's amazing brother i love it!!This is beautiful.Anything is possible if you believe in yourself..It's not that being Mormon makes you special or better than anyone else- 
every person on this earth is special and is a child of God. I think being 
a Mormon however opens up your understanding more of God and his son Jesus 
Christ, in a way that many people have never really thought of. The Book of 
Mormon is another testament of Jesus Christ, and through it we have greater 
understanding and appreciation of the life of Jesus Christ.Why dont you come and see, a was a catholic too and this is what i did , i 
am now a Mormon... We'll it's not saying Mormons are special but showing trials that Mormon's 
have gone through that make their belief in God stronger or the different 
types of people out there who are in the Mormon community, it's just 
something they have decided to do, I'm Catholic and it would be cool if our 
church could do this..But at the end of the day we are all Christians :DIt's not about making any other religion feel left out. Look up "and I'm a 
Mormon" and you'll see there are plenty of other videos like this. One girl 
is a surfer, one guy a singer, another makes motorcycles for Harley 
Davidson... It's just trying to break that stereotype that most people have 
of Mormons being up-tight, Bible/Book of Mormon-hugging snobs, and to show 
we're regular, everyday people who try everyday to do great things.Thank you for your inspiring story! <3Wonderful, inspiring video. Thanks!omg MORMONS are just like me!How totally cool! I've known Denny for 20 years and he has never mentioned this brain injury! 
He's just a modest humble guy trying to do some good in the world. Mamma's 
Hands is an awesome charity that really helps people.I'm a Catholic hows does this make me special? i dunno how does being a 
Mormon special we all worshiped the same God. Happy guy.I live near Seattle and I've actually been on a Mama's Hands trip with him! 
It was an amazing experience helping the homeless. :)you are amazing!Very inspiring. Thank you. A lovely video :,)You are a most impressive individual ... keep up the good work! I love it :DYou have already begun to do so. ;) No need to wait.Top man! ... most impressive!! Denny is an example to us all ... keep up 
the good work fella.AwesomeMormons are very good people, I admire a lot!What a beautiful heart this man has.Awesome. Keep it up Denny. People like you make this world a special place.I'm proud to say I know Denny personally..I could not agree more. Are they sure this man has a brain injury? Whew!The world needs a lot more people like Denny. and im an atheist... couldn't stop crying at the end haha.What a wonderful person. :)He is one true superhero. i love this!YOU ARE AN EXAMPLE FOR ME.I LOVE THE MUSIC TOO,AND I AM A MORMON.