He is an incredibly smart, good physicist. My older brother is best friends 
with Tom's son and I know this family very well. Two of his children went 
to Harvard. Don't write him off for having religious beliefs - the whole 
point of these videos is to show that religion is only one facet of a 
person, and does not mean that person is somehow ignorant or stupid. Some 
of the absolute smartest people I know also have deeply rooted faith and 
the fastest way to peace is to respect that, not deride it.Not a mormon, but I seriously enjoyed watching this video! Tom seems like 
such a fun person and dad. Lucky wife and children!To be precise, he is a physicist!look on mormon.orgHahaha, I love this guy!"When the theory get's simpler, you know you're on track" this is so true. 
Love, The Atonement, those are simple but powerful concepts that increase 
the beauty and variety of this world. Thanks for sharing. one of my faves. he is awesome Don't be. Some people just don't have an open mind. We're used to it. I'm 
happy that you are enjoying them!That's Amazing! I wish I had that kind of balance! :)Former vice president of Disney research, unicyclist, genius AND Mormon?! 
YOU ARE AWESOME DUDE!!!!This guy is the former vice-president of Disney Research!Math with a pen ? No mistakes?@jpeterman93 LAWL. You just made my day bro.He's married to the younger, non-diabetic, thinner Paula Dean :()cool story bro... tell it again!I agree. People should laugh less.@rren100 I'm here to burst your bubble: whether any religious person likes 
it or not, there is in fact much evidence for things like The Big Bang and 
evolution. To give you something to look up, the cosmic microwave 
background radiation for instance, and carbon dating. Their is absolutely 
zero evidence for any human-made god of any religion, creationism, or 
intelligent design. They are hypotheses, where as evolution and gravity are 
actual scientific theories with evidence and support. @wyattqt That reminds me of a line I heard at a skeptics conference: "A 
person can be both religious, (theistic) AND a Skeptic. But--If someone is 
both, they are not very good at one of them"I am Bei Bei. I am a musician and entrepreneur. I am the possibly of love, 
peace, acceptance and inspiration. @llieske The Big Bang is hardly scientific proof. Theory, most 
definitely...theory with zero evidence. God, His word, and His Spirit are 
the only proofs that I need. God is the great scientist of our existence.Y NO ASTRONAUT?What are trying to do here? Convince us that mormons are "scientific" 
despite not acknowledging any scientific proof that disproves creationism?@S0ulStealer7 We're happy people. we laugh too much, that's cause we're 
just content.theres no such thing as a good scientist thats religious.Mormons kinda overuse their laugh. it seams unreal now... ._.i like this video :) pray about it for those who are looking for answers 
and dont believe. i did and it took time. i got my answers . so with me the 
feeling always felt right and its a positive feeling. so good luck and pray 
with faith in your heart. ask the universe for signs. be patient . its a 
reward at the end. :)@amatuerarabist One only knows by trying it themselves...so then, here's a 
thought: Try it, experiment it, test it, prove it =} if you want to see if 
God hears your prayers, then try praying to Him...There is one 
stipulation..just as in anything worthwhile in life, you must do it with 
sincerity and with real intent...meaning that you are open to the 
possibility of God answering your prayer and you will believe if He 
actually does so.He will answer u in a manner that will be very personal to 
youeverytime I watch these vids, they make me want to cry. I am so blessed to 
be apart of Church with so much LOVE in it. My family is SO large, but I 
wish that more people would recognize the Love we have and join to expand 
my family:)i respect your faith im not thoughGreat story, amazing, thanks for sharing!Physicist? Y u no rocket scientist?Whats the big deal if your mormon? It doesn't make u more or less 
significant than anyone else. i just don't understand the purpose of these 
videos. Why cant youtube have videos of every other religion on this planet 
to prove they're like everyone else?"scientist" mind the quotes...You go Tom!Hot chick allllll the way to the right at 2:31 ;)sat through the whole video just to learn how to pronounce his last name.I wanna ride a unicycle :3"None is righteous, no not one," (Rom 3:10). Unfortunately you're not a 
good person... but then again none of us are. It's not about what you can 
do to please God. It's the fact that he sent his son to die for you when 
even though you can't. If you don't believe that, you're not a Christian, 
whether you're a mormon or not. I'd be willing to discuss that with you if 
you ever have time.i wonder if this channel will ever make a video actually talking about the 
mormon religionWhat a great guy!!! wow, you have to come see us in Palmyra NY, We would love to have you and 
the Family! Kristy BensonI just got on my giraffe after FOREVER and I had the same exact feeling. I 
have to say that it's pretty impressive that you can ride too cause my dad 
has tried and tried and he still can't get on that unicycle :)VP at Walt Disney... wow!Nice Doing an undergraduate degree in physics does not make you a physicist. 
Like doing a biochemical undergrad does not make you a medical doctor...What a strong family!In all of the science I have learned, I have been amazed at how it can be 
so complex yet so simple at the same time. And I too feel that that is a 
sign of God's hand in the universe.1st comment... and I'm a MormonWhy do they need to run a add campaign showing they are normal people if 
they ACTUALLY are normal people...?firstWhat an awesome person!Great Video :) It's so funny how there are actually people that subscribe to this channel 
just to instantly dislike all the videos. 