Very inspiring, thank you!﻿Much respect. Good on you. inspiring  Beniamen F. Bjerk - Eu sou mórmon a 34 anos e sou Feliz. Tenho uma grande 
família e me dedico a trabalhar pelo meu próximo .My wife is a nurse. I have seen her in high stress situations, dealing with 
life and death decisions and doing her best to help families cope with the 
stress. After I retired from the military, I worked as a hospital orderly 
in some of the same areas where my wife worked. There is not a better 
feeling than to be able to help in saving the life of another. Grate Family!Wow she really looks beautiful for her age...I want to thank her for what 
she is doing! Great video.She looks like a great mother and caretaker. I can't stand to look at 
anything bloody! Even though I have some rough times, my Heavenly Father 
gets me through it. I'm proud to be a mormon.I'm gonna be the best son of God i can be. So I'll try to be able to 
understand and do anything that is righteous. I'm a scientist, martial 
artist, Amalgamizer (one that combines) and a soon to be Missionary, and I 
am a . . . Mormon!I love this! I I want to be and FBI agent and work full time when I am 
older! She is a great example of a full time working, mormon mom :) That's so amazing! I'm ONLY just applying. I'm so proud of you (i don't 
know you, but the sentiment is sincere i promise!) I wish you all the best! 
God bless. :)As a ten year military veteran, Coroner trans tech, Crematorium operator, 
Mortuary services manager and a crime scene decon tech I can assure you 
that ONLY my faith in Christ and knowing the plan that Heavenly Father has 
for us has sustained me through horrible things. I am thankful and greatful.This woman is my inspiration. I have always had a dream to be a flight 
paramedic and she has the very similar thing that i want to do in life. And 
for her to say she can do that and be a strong mormon and a mother. She is 
what i want to be when i am at her point of life that is amazing. God bless on your mission. I have a feeling that God doesn't judge you on your choice of religion but 
your choice of principles - who you choose to be when it gets ugly, and 
what you choose to show the world sunshine or rainfall.saweet man where are you serving your missionI do agree that some people go completely overboard on religion(extremist 
muslims, cult leaders, etc.) but it is good to base your lifestyle on the 
principals that religion teaches(chastity, honesty, service, etc). And im a 
mormon.Why?Thank you, same to you from a mormon:)Her religion is a big part of who she is. Her career is saving life. Why do 
small minded people need to post negative comments about either? Bless you 
Lori !!! If I am wrong then I am happy that I lived my life trying to do good for 
others and lived a happy healthy life. What if you are wrong? Very impressive ... keep up the good work Lori; many people are relying on 
you.Everyone that dislikes this video has not walked in my shoes. I am a mother 
of a newborn that had to be lifeflighted after he stopped breathing 
immediately after birth. The lifeflight team saved my son's life. I am so 
grateful for everyone that saved my son's life. I had a miracle that 
happened to me because of people like lori. But I am a mormon too. I 
immediately knew once he was born that if that miracle didn't happen on 
this earth, that miracle would come in the next life. Thank You!Religion is a scam. even if you disagree with her belief system, you cannot doubt her 
sincerity. a day in the life of a Mormon...@ARCHERDEVIL 0:16 you can see it on her side. hope you got more of out of 
this then that lol.did you put your seat belt on when you driving in the film?those who disliked didn't even watch the video to the end...Of course, uploader approval..I've been independently investigating the Mormon faith for several months. 
It intrigues me and its messages inspire me. I am a big fan of these Mormon 
videos; I've watched every single one of them. This one, especially, 
touches me in a way the other's haven't. Keep it up! It's always sad to hear about someone losing their life. Especially when 
it's a child. It's also sad to see how people with a form of Godliness 
believe in something that they think will make them right with God because 
of their religion or being mostly a good person, but the bible makes it 
very clear on who will be right with God in John 3:36 He that believeth on 
the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not on the Son shall 
not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.I appreciate the compassion. so your a...okay...what was the point of this?You are also a hero. Thanks for what you do. Thank you for sharing your 
story and your faith in Jesus Christ. You willl help many. i like the channel so much.. follow me on twitter xjohnrielx I was raised in an Atheist household, though with strong morals and values. 
I am still an Atheist right now, but after having watched the majority of 
these videos, I must say I find the LDS church less mysterious and honestly 
appealing. I would be the last person to likely dive into a religion, and I 
know there is more to this church than these videos can portray. However, I 
like what I hear. Cool story.How do you fly a helicopter in the kitchen?I loved her story of peace with life after death, Beautiful story!Lori, thank you for the wonderful work you do and sharing your testimony of 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.Awesome lady, beautiful testimonyCool story, bro. You should write a book about it. Love this video, Lori, you did an awesome job!! Love you for all you do!! 
May God bless you always!!! inspiring Adrenaline and tragedy. Too often they go hand in hand.