Very cool, thanks for sharing!!﻿have a few mormon friends there very grounded in there what they believe 
and are wholesome nice people..its not for me im a evangelical christian 
and they have tried to convince me of there mormon faith but its not for 
me..but each to there ownHey, I'm so sorry you feel this way.. if you're still lookin for some 
guidance I promise that her faith can make you just as happy! Luv you Sarah & Shane !i am not a mormon..i have lost my way in life i am unhappy and this person 
made me smile and cry at the same time. She is a happy person with a lovely 
family....i lost mine so god and her faith has shined down on herwho cares whether or not she s a mormon....good for her that she has a 
happy life. They hear crazy rumors about us and run with them. It's part of why we are 
so misunderstood. But whatevs.No, they asked who the audience was. AustralianI'm not mormon, but the org is trying to get across the idea that mormons 
are the same strong willed characters as any other religion, and plus 
there's crazy rumours around mormonism that aren't true. I guess they're 
(the videos that is) just really nice and true stories about real people. 
:) Did that answer it?What is the purpose with these Mormon clips? Are they for the non-Mormon 
community or for other Mormons to get inspired? I don't mean to be rude I'm 
just curious!I may not agree with the idea of all women having to be stay at home moms, 
but this is a choice freely made, not coerced. I am not a Mormon, but have 
known a few, good, kind, honest, very human people who happen to love God 
in this way. I may not agree with their particular faith, but the fruit of 
lovingkindness is at least in those I have known.what's the song called?I'm just wondering but do they really need videos to prove they are normal 
people? To be honest, I don't really care what religion a person is and 
neither does the majority of society. I can only pray for those with negative responses to this video, it was 
enjoyable. For those who find themselves on this video, maybe you should 
visit a Mormon church. I am not a Mormon but I am a christian. I pray for 
true peace in everyone lives! I hope i meet more people like this.@FashionLove30 I'm LDS and I don't know the answer to your question. I 
remember when I came to Church for the first time I thought "these are the 
nicest people I've ever met!" All I can tell you is that in the scriptures 
there are a lot of stories about the Church of God being persecuted, this 
remains true for modern times @FashionLove30 It's been like that for a while. Most athesits or agnostics 
I've met are really nice about it and just have the attitude of live and 
let live. It's odd to me that most negitive come from churches. But as I've 
gotten older I've learned to just smile and remember that God loves them 
too. If I'm comfortable in my beliefs, it doesn't really matter what the 
world thinks!the ending... kills it every time@airsoftplaya3 I do! But I am a little bit too latter for your saints!!! 
Tada!@FashionLove30 One thing that is indisputable is that there will always be 
opposition in all things. To some our faith may come as an attack on their 
own faith, or it may be that they are against all religions, many times 
people fear or dislike things they do not know or understand. As people 
learn about mormonism they will-hopefully like you-see that there is no 
reason to be "against" the LDS faith. These ads and all our efforts like 
these are nothing more than an invitation to learn more@IrishDancerMoni I think the reason for the add is to get people like you 
to inquire exactly that. We as "mormons" cannot explain all in a small clip 
but hopefully we can spark an interest on someone like you to ask to know 
more. I am sure this lady as would any faithful latter-day saint would love 
to share with you exactly how our religion influences our lives and why we 
are so focused in family both our present family and our ancestors.@airsoftplaya3 I can understand why you may feel like making a commercial 
about it would maybe put off some people--including you. This is one way we 
as faith try to fulfill our responsibility to preach the gospel as Jesus 
ask all his disciples to do. All we attempt to do by airing these ads is 
show people that "mormons" are not crazy or weird people--hopefully we are 
different but in a way that makes people see we are trying to be more like 
Christ.@IrishDancerMoni I think the reason for the add is to get people like you 
to inquire exactly that. We as "mormons" cannot explain all in a small clip 
but hopefully we can spark an interest on someone like you to ask to know 
more. I am sure this lady as would any faithful latter-day saint would love 
to share with you exactly how our religion influences our lives and why we 
are so focused in family both our present family and our ancestors.@airsoftplaya3 People know Christians beleive in Christ but there's a lot 
of people who don't know that mormons are christians. this is so awesome :) <3@airsoftplaya3 If you're religeon is so good then you should. let people 
have what you have.and I'm a Christian, but I don't make commercials about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!@tanner029 I think the main reason it's been removed from society, it 
because of all the wars that it's sparked, and the laws which are based 
upon opinions, and beliefs. (though everything is a belief to a degree.) I 
can't recall any wars relating to Mormons though. Don't know enough about 
the religion, I made my own religion, I am god.I'm an internet.I think I'm going to be sick. imagine a place without religion thats what youtube was all about but now :(I love her name too--she's so passionate. It's great!I have an honest question, why are people so against this religion? I am 
just beginning to learn about it and I don't understand why....And I'm a PC!I think these video's are a great way to show diversity in our culture and 
how we can't generalise based on how a persons look. The only critisism I 
have is that, as a person who is not Mormon, I would like to see in these 
ads how the religion influences their life. Did her religion enable her to 
see why she needed to spend more time with her family? etc. Whilst I would 
not change my faith, I would be interested to see the values of the Mormon 
religion through these ads. I don't understand why so many people hate this video. This religion. Being 
a Mormon, I KNOW how it feels to be threatened, ridiculed and teased. 
That's why I don't go around degrading other people based on what they 
individually believe. It has nothing to do with their value as a person, 
and it breaks my heart to see that religion has become a variable attached 
to people in our society, as it's apparently unreasonable to leave somebody 
alone.I love your gift of gab and your energy. Thanks for sharing your zest for 
life & God.I'm a Mormon!!! (^_^)~<3 and also live in Australia!!! love these ads!!I feel like the world needs to see this. More women need to be like her!!im on that strange part of youtube again :/sarah i love you your so amazing xx :)meat is poisonI think you have to be a bogan to be a mormon!?!?@demo2382 She says "i've never been happier. It's the most rewarding thing 
I've done". Sounds like she loves her kid more than her job. What I get 
from the video is that it's important to spend time with your family. 
Thanks Mormons :)So what i learned from this vid is to not have children cause it will 
destroy the career you love. Thanks Mormons.@windigo77 This and other Mormon.org videos are provided to give a glimpse 
into the lives of members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day 
Saints (i.e. "mormons"), of who we are and how we live. Given the untruths 
and false perceptions about our religion, many people unfortunately have 
incorrect ideas of what members of this church are like. So these videos 
help people understand first hand what our lives are like. We are normal, 
fun loving people that seek out all that is good in life. :)I love Australia!! That's awesome.@skinnyhead2000 I DISAGREE!You go, girl! xD Sweet story.I want to visit Australia some day.This video shows that there are some surprising people in some surprising 
places that are mormon. Just like with any other group, you can't 
generalize every mormon, but you can see that we are not some weird, 
backwards sect. To find out about our beliefs, check out mormon dot org!Fantastic.Wonderful.