Amazing how Steve has been able to put a happy and fulfilling life together 
after such shattering experiences growing up. Clearly a man of great 
strength and one who trusts in God. Thanks for the inspiring story. ﻿Steve you have it together. I totally agree with your thoughts about family 
and our life styles, because I am a Mormon also. Thanks for sharing.﻿Thank you for a great clip. I often use the "I'm a Mormon" videos as 
devotionals for my seminary class. You are an inspiration! It is great for 
my students to see that Mormons are so diverse. There is room for everyone 
at Christ's table. :) I really enjoyed your video. Steve, Great video. I really enjoyed it. Thanks!Steve Brouggy and his story lets me know God is not opposed to allowing us 
joy and challenges in life. Not all "good works" must be a drag. I may go 
to Oz just to ride that sweet looking track and meet him.Rather than avoid challenges, we should embrace them!Excellent video, very inspiring story. Thank you for sharing who you are.life goes fast try to make a difference Steve Brouggy, you just became my new role model. I have been on two wheels 
for as long as i remember which has led me to the world of sport bikes. 
Everyone always seems to take me for the reckless person thats a speed 
junkie but truthfully i never feel more alive or more alert then when 
travelling at high speeds. It's good to see I'm not the only Mormon who 
shares that same passion.Well said Steve. Thanks for sharing your story. Its obvious to me and most 
people that view this, that you are a normal human pursuing your god given 
talents. Keep up the great work!I Love its Awesome. I am glad he is a great father to his family.Glad your are living life to the fullest, so many folks these days just sit 
in their homes on the internet with no life!I Have met Steve at his school. As an ambassador of his church he is doing 
a great job. As an ambassador of humanity he is doing a great job. This 
video appeared as an advert on another video and its the first time ever 
that I watched an advert!. I hope the CSS and Steve continue their success 
- they have helped to keep me alive and on my Bikeway to go Steve. He's this guy... who's had life happen to him. (And he's a Mormon.) Nothing 
offensive to me here!im an atheist and i thought it was good!I actually watched your whole advert when it was force played on another 
video topic. I loved it. You are a sincere man with a great outlook. I 
study the works of L Ron Hubbard and as someone who calls themselves a 
Scientologist I am glad that you are out there making your faith known 
about and more accessible. I respect your integrity greatly. Peace.Great video! thanks for sharing. I converted 5 years ago and have never been better. I 
love trying to live the standards (not easy), but work at it every day. As 
a result, I am a better man, father, and husband. I appreciate people like 
you taking time out to make the video. LOL...come on man, Mormons don't praise other latter-day saints (unless 
they're an eccentric I suppose, but you find those in every religion and 
that's just them, not representative of the religion itself), we praise our 
Heavenly Father, and His Son, Jesus Christ, our Savior. That's who I, as a 
Mormon, praise...just FYI. ;)Wow!! What an awesome job!! We as mormons are normal folks. We live a 
normal life and we are not perfect!! Id love to have one of his bikes!!!This guy is my hero!! I would love to have his job as well. Wonderful. Thanks for sharing your successes and struggles.Man love to hve this mans JOB. One of the better mormon videos I've seen, probably because I love bikes so 
much, and it was a good story. Unfortunately Steve, you seem to think that 
faith is a good thing. Believing in something without evidence is NOT a 
good thing. Beliefs inform our actions, and belief in this fantasy of 
religion has a lot of harmful consequences, and they are not easily seen 
when blinded by faith. You seem like a good chap Steve, don't let it stop 
you from seeking real answers. cheers@Gregnoxy lol..really now really??!! nd why do u want to praise latter day 
saints when God your father deserves all the praise?btw i think u cn do all 
u want, just keep it in line.:))That nanosecond you were talking about is called "kairos". Time outside of 
time, the qualitative nature of time. God's time. It is truly magnificent.@Gregnoxy Hmmmm, well I guess you could, although I wouldn't encourage it, 
you would probably die.Love the vid. Sadly, there'll always be haters. I love how these videos have people talking about how faith in God enriches 
more than just their church lives. We as human beings could all use the 
help of seeing the possitive sides to life sometimes. We can all effect 
eachother possitively through sharing possitive messages.Hey Guys...thanks for the comments on the video. Sorry that some of you 
have taken offense to this video and others like it. There is really 
nothing sinister behind the creation and airing of these videos. It is 
simply, as some have already pointed out, to show that all sorts of human 
beings are Mormons...as no doubt all sorts of human beings have other ideas 
on life the universe and everything. This is simply my story, and being a 
member of this church is part of my story. It is what it is...@llieske well just for the sake of argument, put yourself in their 
position, lets go with an easy one. Christianity (as i'm not too familiar 
with the mormon beliefs). Christians believe that without the redemption of 
Jesus, you are eternally damned to hell, as sin cannot exist in heaven. So 
then it is the duty of the christian to spread that belief, and those 
teachings contained within the bible. Now if you think they go about it the 
right way or you believe it is beside the point. @llieske Then don't watch the video.Thanks for sharing about your interesting life. I like your statement about 
faith being a foundation.@llieske he barley even touches on his religion@llieske This has to be the funniest and most ridiculous comment 
considering YT and social media in general is about "sharing." I see you 
subscribed to Fortnight Lingerie - bet you're real happy they didn't keep 
anything to themselves. Is it really hard to just keep your religion to yourself? @windigo77 a church is a group of people. These videos may not touch on the 
doctrine too much, but the point is to help people to not see "Mormons" as 
weird. Try mormon.org if you want more of the doctrine. It has these 
videos, but also history and theology. The connection between the people 
and the doctrine is what makes the church truly wonderful. God is all about 
people, His children, and so is His church.I really appreciate this video. Thank you so much.So you are saying if I become a mormon and praise latterday saints. I can 
do this too...........???????????@windigo77 You must have had your speakers turned off : )@windigo77 so?? @windigo77 He talks about his faith at the end, but these vids are not 
really about Mormonism, they're about Mormons being ordinary people. 
(Thanks to a lot of bigotry in some places, there are still many people who 
don't know any Mormons who think they are a bizarre cult!)Nice Video ! the best part is where the Mormon faith comes from , its so 
beautifulAwesome Video Steve Brouggy