Athelia, you are a great inspiration to me! Thank you for sharing.xx﻿She is just great and she is mormon!! an example to every woman :Dshe has so much hope and faith! You Go Girl!!Shabby Apple! I love Shabby Apple...I can't afford anything from there, but 
I do love it! Haha. In the 1985 Oct General Conference, Pres Hinckley reported that the men 
serving in the First Presidency, the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, and the 
First Quorum of the Seventy serve "for life." In these callings, if 
required, they are given a modest living allowance. The money comes from 
the Church's business account and not from the tithing fund or any other 
donations. The Church pays taxes on all business income. What's the fashion website???I have a family of 12!Thank you so much for designing clothes, I've always felt like there aren't 
enough modest clothes.Our church leaders do not get paid. Everything in our church is volunteer 
work. We pay tithes that go to funding our various welfare programs, the 
construction of our buildings, missionary work, printing of scripture, and 
other things. All of our tithe goes to helping everyone, members or not.Love Shabby Apple. I'm also a mom with Addison's. Its totally possible to 
have children with this disease, I just had my 7th. Thanks for making 
modest clothes and being a shining example.Thanks for your example for all young women!im pleasantly surprised on the music. dang.I went to junior high and high school with Athelia. She was always an 
amazing person. I always looked up to her.What an example of making the best of what life throws you! LDS church leaders do not get paid.I loooove her!I <3 Modesty!So I love Shabby Apple's clothing because it's so beautiful and modest, but 
haven't bought anything yet because it's a little pricey. Now that I know 
it's made by someone who cares so much about values and morals, I am 
totally buying from Shabby Apple!!! Sincerely, a modest-clothing-loving 
Episcopalian <3Okay, just an FYI, Mormons actually don't go on and on about God and such 
and we DO like to have fun like everyone else. We just...have fun the 
Mormon way xDi love this clip. i will meet and see you in NYC! go LDS!nobody gets paid. Mormons do pay tithing which is all to go towards 
charity, temples, and church buildings. If you want, next time the 
missionary's knock on your door , listen to a lesson for 5-15min instantly 
you'll want to know more. All mormons have a testimony toward their church 
and always will defend itcool! thanks for the view/comment:)Prove it. Mormons have lay leadership. We call our pastors bishops. My former bishop 
was a plumber, my current bishop is a mechanical engineer. Their salary is 
$0. I'm the equivalent of the youth minister for my congregation. My salary 
for that is $0.U should see, in Utah, all of the wedding dresses have sleeves. It is 
wonderful to think that they don't wear the cute dress to do what is right.Modesty is not a Utah thing by the Way. the leaders don't get paid AT ALL! everything in our church is run by 
volunteer and service...and those who are leaders have a business or a job 
on the side...but their service to the church is because they want to be 
there. and the tithing we give goes to build temples, churches, schools, 
humanitarian aid worldwide and a billion other things. open your eyes and 
your heart and stop trying to create a shadow that isn't there.You have not done your research friend. Leaders of the church are not paid 
by tithing. Most leaders of the church rely on their own savings they 
worked for. Since many of our leaders are quite distinguished in their 
fields (surgeons, professors etc) Only few receive any financial support 
from the church, and that money comes from the church's business 
investments, NOT tithing. Tithing money goes to things such as humanitarian 
aid, we are first on the scene of disasters for a reason ya know.i find what you have to say is very very wrong. the followers and leaders 
are the same people . i don't know how you got that idea but its wrong. i 
think that her idea was extremely cool. all she was doing was making 
clothes that didn't show any private areas. how is that manipulative? i 
call it really respectful to girls bodies and her religion. i don't mean to 
be rude, i just thought yo should no that what you have to say is very 
wrong.. before you judge others make sure YOUR perfect.Beautiful..Actually, leaders in the Mormon church don't get paid. It's a lay 
(volunteer) clergy. Even the missionaries with the white shirts and name 
tags pay their own way to serve for two years. We do it because we love the 
Lord and want to help and bless everyone we can. :)"One key difference is that the followers pay and the leaders get paid." 
Just a note that your "key difference" is incorrect. The Mormon/LDS Church 
does not have a paid clergy.Thanks for posting this video, it was a joy to watch. On a side note, 
Athelia's hair is simply gorgeous :)I love Shabby Apple! I had no idea that it was created by a Mormon - I know 
Mormons care about modesty, but starting up a business to promote and 
encourage it is very impressive. Another great source for beautiful, modest 
fashion is Eliza Magazine, just fyi.I love Shabby Apple! Awesome Job! How is her religion relevant? This seems like a poor attempt to make the 
church look good as if the followers and the leaders are the same type of 
people. One key difference is that the followers pay and the leaders get 
paid. If this an attempt to gain tolerance for the followers, that's fine. 
If this is an attempt to gain tolerance for the leaders, they're doing it 
wrong and being manipulative.In response to question about difference between dance leotard and 
sundress...if she were a swimmer then she would be showing more leg than 
she would on the street. Mormons wear leotards, swimsuits, cheer leading 
outfits...in the appropriate setting.@douglasandanita I'm not a dancer (by any stretch) but there are some 
activities that have a different standard of dress in order to be done well 
(athletics being a big one). The point is that looking beautiful is not 
something that needs to show skin for skin's sake. You may not be able to 
dance as well with sleeves, but you can look and feel beautiful, attractive 
and confident.I love your video, I am not a mormon yet, but I am getting married, I am 
soo distressed to discover that mostly all the wedding dresses available, 
or dresses in general are all revealing I never realised it till i decided 
buying clothing that coverered my shoulders, im not a tiny women so it is 
even more difficult to find something my shape. It is nice to see you made 
a change in the industry. Awesome! I love that website! I thought it was a little weird that all the 
dresses were modest. Now I know why. I am so glad to be LDS!What is the difference between a dance leotard with spaghetti straps and a 
sundress? I don't get it.I love it - great for you!Cool story. Thanks for sharing. Go Mormons!...and I'm an Atheist.This video is so inspirational! My new fave.It is nice to see something uplifting on the internet when there is so much 
trash out there.I love!!! shabby apple! :) This is so inspiring! One of my new faves.this makes me want to dance.