So true! Thanks to everyone for posting such kind comments! And I'm a 
Mormon!! :)I love God for his love for all of His children. I love all of you, my 
Brothers and Sisters, and.... I'm a Mormon.I love being a free thinker also. We believe that faith can only be 
strengthened by questioning the things we are taught. If you only believe 
because you are told, then when something comes along that challenges that 
belief, it will crumple that faith utterly. We also believe that we are 
more free by adhering to the commandments that God gives us, because then 
we are not tangled by the negative affects of breaking those commandments. we too. waikalani dr.d 505 1992 Loooooved it My whole family (my dad's side) is Mormon. They are really nice people, 
Mormons, like extremely nice and do nothing wrong o.Oi live in hawaii to oahuAlthough i don't completely agree with their beliefs, Mormons are amazing 
people, and i applaud their friendliness and courage to minister to others.I clicked on a commercial for an amputee who was riding hit mountain bike 
and doing other amazing feats and got led here instead XD shes very cute so 
its ok. I don't think so, people are people regardless of religion or whatever.She seems lovely,i'll give her that.Wow, she's cute! Way to go on the long board!My best friend is Mormon. They're raised with great values. Their reigion 
helps them be stronger in their life. Its awesome how they have such faith.no we do not... and im a Mormon!Its to show that mormons are normal people hailing from a very diverse 
background. And yes a lot of people are still very ignorant and think that 
we are crazy polygamists which were not.Have you really ever gotten to know a mormon? Chances are your friends with 
one but dont realize it because these "morons" are no different than you.wow, almost 400 likes, that's awesome!I'm Mormon and I love Nicki Minaj. HAHAHAH@7RUthere The same applies to you. Practice what you preach. @iliketodance555 thereisareasonforpunctuationwhenyouwritethingsThese videos make me laugh... Basically, "Become a mormon, because all of 
the cool kids are doing it!"Ease up i guess muslims should start promoting like 100 videos just to say they're 
normal too@inetspy, I've met plenty of bad Mormons. Just because you are in a 
religion doesn't mean you're automatically a great person. Also, Mormons, 
Catholics, Christians, Muslims, etc all have been vilified more so or less 
at one point. @TheDustinash these videos are to demonstrate how we Mormons are regular 
people and we are more common then you would think. These videos are 
showing well known people; the ordinary people who do amazing things. You 
don't have to be a Mormon to do this or any religion really, rather it is 
just that these people are Mormons. Oh BTW I'm a Mormon@TheDustinash "Oh my god I'm having a heart attack... and I'm a Mormon!"We have a website for LDS Surfers at surfer-shot /group/lds_surfers Sign up 
and show of your surfing! You don't have to be a Mormon. PS ...and I'm a 
MormonMormons are some of the most beautiful and intelligent people I have ever 
met....so glad there are finally videos out that show this to the rest of 
the world. There should be more people, families, and Mormons out there 
like this awesome girl !@schliepsiek Why bother watching it? Seriously, if you didn't care, you 
wouldn't have pressed the link to this video.@iNetSpy Thank you, so much <3 I hate being judged, just because I'm 
Mormon. We don't tease other religions, I just don't see why people have to 
to us. We believe in God, we don't kill, we're not a people full of hatred 
and anger. I just wish the world would see that instead of judging. Mahalo 
again <3@schliepsiek haha thenn why the heck u watching it?Hey, they're better than atheists, right?"...and I'm a Mormon." ........and i don't care!@swartsanager2 she's mixed...Mormons in Hawaii now..? This is utterly preposterous!i love this but there's so many dislikes why mormons are great so is god"Im a morman. And I'm sharkproof."look at the top comment, and im a mormon!!! WTHSo she tells us her WHOLE life story only to reveal that she's a mormon? So 
she's a mormon.....so?@swartsanager2 Does she look white?is she Asian or white??Mormons have been in Hawaii for a long time. The Polynesian Cultural Center 
(PCC) on Oahu is one of the coolest places I have ever been. Mormons are 
big into preserving the local culture and traditions of Polynesia. @iNetSpy thanks for a comment like that man every time i tell someone im 
mormon its always "how many wives do you have"? its like honestly thats 
outlawed to point if you try it you get kicked out completely If you want to get the point of the video skip to 1:41 and press play Hello I'm Wiccan.lol what is this??? If I become mormon I can be a famous surfer!!!??? I am 
so doing this :D@TheDustinash i do it everyday. lol "Hey mom, going to work!...and i'm a 
mormon."Its just a surfing vid. And i'm american.i like Bethany Hamilton better, plus shes also a christian (so am i)(my 
opinion)....... but what i really wanted to say is that i have nothing 
against mormons but whats the point of thistheyre trying to make mormonism cool... reality check, it's not.@66watzup66 mormns want to show that they are like everyone else, because 
they are.@66watzup66 i think they do this to show people that mormons are just 
normal people, because i think alot of people think of mormons as crazy 
people or there amish type looking people. and there just trying to say 
"were just normal people just like you". thats what i thinkI think the commercials are trying to say Mormons are everyday people they 
have been vilified for so long, they are just trying to show that they are 
no different from anyone else. Polygamy has been outlawed in the Mormon 
church since the late 1800s but it is the first thing that pops in my mind 
too. /shrug Have you met a bad Mormon?mormons arent differerant from anybody else. i live in utah and i am not 
mormon but mormons are just all about being happy and familey kind of like 
hippies but religeous they are actully realy nicemormons arent differerant from anybody else. i live in utah and i am not 
mormon but mormons are just all about being happy and familey kind of like 
hippies but religeous@66watzup66 Your on point. God's not about religion. God's about 
love,peace,happiness,living life to the fullest in God. Too bad religions 
of this world restrict the truth of the word of God. People think that God 
is this guy with a huge white beard and Satan is this dude with goat horns 
and a tail. -_-...All false and we created those images. Anyway the channel 
is too give testimony about what God has done for them. Not the religion.@jak777199hans it's about mormons being just like everyone else.hot @iSore21 Thats an opinion. Show me some SCIENTIFIC facts that Mormons live 
longer.@DAXDEXICO A severe sterotype at that haahahaha@66watzup66 I am not morman, but I guess the reason they show what they do 
is to show what "great people" are mormansI don't like how people here the "RUMORS" that we are extremists. OK we 
don't drink alcohol, coffee, and tea, nor do drugs, but we live longer have 
happier lives and more of a close knit family from our religion. This also 
doesn't mean we don't do anything and we DON'T hate gays.@beyongson6 not mass.....sacrament :-/ trying to make Mormans look cool...is this about mormons or surfing?Mormans can surf? wow...@iMilodesigns LOL, I want to be a Mormon so I will be a wife some day.whats up with this... and.. im a mormon..? Do you do this in real life? 
"tonight im going to a movie.. and im a mormon." "Honey were having hot 
dogs for dinner! .. and im a mormon." lol that's right girl! you still gotta cook and clean the dishes like a 
real morman woman!our 3 hours of church is different than church as you see it if youve never 
gone to a mormon church you wouldnt know we go for about 1 hour of mass 
which is like you're regular church after that mass you can leave the final 
2 hours is like bonding and teaching and just being together with others 
and learning about the gospel as well as people around you its not like 
sitting for a straight 3 hours@66watzup66 its not about the religion as much as its about showing people 
its okay to be mormon its just like any other religion its for people to 
see the actual truth about mormans to show we dont have multiple wives and 
all that stuff were normal people that just wanna live life@xXEPIKgamerXx so well said! @66watzup66 I think they're message is that mormons are normal people too?its not ment to be promoting conversion or anything guys, trust me if we 
wanted to convert you we could be waaaaaay more interesting and perswasive 
while at the same time respecting your desicion, but anyway yeah except for 
about an hour at church we just like to mess around and play games or 
sports, or videogames, or videogames about sports i think she learned more surfing than in churchThe purpose is to show that we Mormons are normal people. @66watz U say "Why﻿ do the Mormon commercials have nothing at all to do 
with their religion ?" Why ? There's PLENTY to see/read on any religion: 
Wait til Mormon mission's. visit u; They'll explain/debate Mormon tenets 
with u all u want ! : ) These vids're LOVELY: They show Mormon people's 
REAL lives & "humanize" people who get strength/meaning from these beliefs, 
which has unique value, as you're then not dealing with isolated religious 
values held by "non-people". I'm not Mormon, btw : ) @66watzup66 they are trying to show people that mormons are not a bunch of 
crazy people like everyone thinks they are trying to show people that they 
are just normal people like the rest of us every time I look up at the list of videos, its always "I'm a Mormon"? OK 
we get it, religion spends millions of dollars for advertising each year. 
Just imagine if that cash could go to our schools?So if I become a Mormon I will know how to surf?@66watzup66 i think their lives are interesting, it's fun to watch people 
chase a dreamThey make stupid people feel like they can accomplish things if they become 
mormons.@xXHalofuture5Xx Glad you can spell it right.I'd like to be a good surfer. Can I join the church?She is such a humble person I met her once whether you like this movie or 
not If you met her you would just be humbled by her personality(:haha i was waiting for her arm to get eaten off by a shark :P It's cause every mormon receives a surfboard at their baptism. For real 
though, I think it's just trying to show that Mormons are normal, everyday 
people like you and I. To some that is blatantly obvious (especially to me 
cause I am Mormon and I'm not a robot) to others it is eye opening. I 
guess. Hang loose. @everett72 Well yeah. It IS the church of JESUS CHRIST of Latter Day 
Saints, afterall. > >@66watzup66 It is kind of weird, but I think it's mostly because a lot of 
people hear the word 'Mormon' and instantly go 'strange cult of people in 
white shirts and ties.' I think this video is to establish that Mormons are 
people too, and not some alien race of drugged missionaries. @66watzup66 These videos aren't mormon commercials! Its just to show that 
mormons are regular people like everyone else and to show how happy and 
proud they are to be a mormon!@bgray44 cuz they can lol@mormonpatriot1 I noticed that you cunningly worded around the question 
like a politician thrown a hardball. Your statements are just as ambiguous 
as the video itself. The fact that Joy is a Mormon was a superfluous 
mention thrown in there at the last second; she could've been an atheist 
for all I knew (or cared). Oh, just to get this out of the way: idle 
curiosity led me here as this was a featured suggestion. Didn't really 
understand why she felt the need to mention her faith at the end.By Odin's beard I VIKE your promoted video, smash its comments section, 
kill all its men, enslave its women, take its gold and silver and carry off 
its maiden daughters to a better life, barbarian and free of religion, to 
bear my mighty sons. By Thor's hammer... RRRRAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!! @66watzup66 its to show that mormons arent as freakin weird as people think 
they are, they arent weird at all, theyr really nice if anythingYay, mormans can accomplish things. @pbrskater26 i totally agree! it's all about being who you are and just 
respecting other peoples choices even if you wouldn't do what they do! 
someone who thinks FINALLYThis has nothing to do with Mormonism...why are they wasting money on these 
videos?Trust me please when I tell you this with all sincerity No one cares.what does her being a surfer have ANYTHING to do with her being a mormon? 
that's like saying "i skate and im jewish". religion has absolutely nothing 
to do with being a surfer. ... And I don't Care