Just a Gem of a young ladyWe don't believe that works get us into Heaven, we fully believe that God's 
grace has saved us, but we also believe that we need to be kind to one 
another and take care of people. She chose to participate in Operation 
Smile to make an impact in the lives of other people, not to get into 
Heaven. Lisa this is awesome! Thank you for your example! It means a lot to me, 
being a senior in high school now. Thanks.HEY! HEY NOW! Don't start putting all off my generation in the same basket! 
Believe it or not someof us have very good speech skills and are able to 
talk to others without "Like" in every sentence.What is it with kids saying "like" all the time? The next generation is 
going to be confused like ya know like....Hey, I've been to Jordan, too. :)nice girl :) What inspiring humanitarian aid. I bet future generations will love to read 
her journals about her work.The latter has better motives, but both are good because both are helping 
others, and trying to make the world a better placeThanks for sharing your story. I needed something to brighten my day and 
you helped give it to me. :) Thank you. She's so sweet!!Such a beautiful spirit. The joy and happiness you brings to those around 
you shows in this video. Continue with your service to others, strong 
Mormon faith and beautiful smile! i am glad that you feel happier!!! I'm a Mormon and honestly, I don't really care if the religion is fake or 
not because I feel happier as a Mormon. I don't know, I guess being a 
Mormon makes me feel happy and I have a happy feeling inside. I find it 
funny when people make fun of me, and I make jokes about us too ^^ Even if 
my religion might not be real, my home life is happier somehow as a 
Mormon...does that make sense? God Jesus Christ will be with you Lisa! You are an amazing amazing person!Mormons believe in helping others because you love them, not just to get 
into heaven. This just brought tears in my eyes! she's sooo happy and has a great smile and so energetic. it's all in your 
attitude, we could learn to do the same.@Damian2257 That girl in the video is doing both@Damian2257 Eventhough I am non-religious I think both are equal. However, 
I hate the people that say that God Inspires you to do the kind things you 
do. That shows selfish motives.To everyone saying "and I'm a Christian" - Mormonism is a sect of 
Christianity (just like Lutheranism or Catholicism). Its formal name is the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. ...and I'm an agnostic. @juliqtlove Mormons are Christians...Sometimes I can't help but think to ask who has better motives? A religious 
person helping others to do the wishes of someone else (i.e. god) or to get 
into heaven etc.? Or a non-religious person helping others because they 
just believe it will make the world a better place?@nicolelologa EXACTLY!@ChoolyBuzkill I don't think she's trying to claim that she is a better 
person at all. I think she setting an example of Christ-like love for one 
another and that is something I think we could all use in the world today. 
Thanks Lisa for your service with a smile! Keep it up!@juliqtlove It has everything to do with it. Her faith has taught her to 
love one another just as Jesus Christ taught! She exemplifies these 
Christian values as a Mormon! What a great example! :)@rocamericansweethart Her life is a life of service, as members of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, we strive to follow Jesus 
Christ and love one another, as Lisa said, "Service is not just a series of 
acts, but a lifestyle." So her being a Mormon has everything to do with the 
wonderful life she lives! @Primalinstincts101 These videos have everything to do with being a Mormon 
or a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Each 
video's sole focus is to get at the story that runs through that person’s 
life, and the thread of faith that is part of it. These individuals tell us 
that they find strength in their religious faith that enables them to 
endure their trials and even find meaning and joy in their lives as members 
of the Church. It's beautiful!@DynaaMiteMike Mormons are Christians too! :) What was the whole point of this video? The fact that she's a mormon? The 
fact that she helps kids? That she's a hot asian?.... I don't know 
anymore...... @rocamericansweethart I think the point of the videos are that being Mormon 
is not something strange and different. You can lead a seemingly normal 
life. However, these stories sound like non-practicing Mormons' lives.Mormans are nice decent folks, even if they aren't Buddhist! Good values, 
help and respect others; I am as happy to have Taiwanese cousins who are 
Morman as my father-in-law was to have a White Buddhist for a son-in-law. Very nice girl. Great video. I'm not Mormon, but we definitely need more 
people like this.@ChoolyBuzkill That is not the point of these videos. People think that 
mormons are so different. These videos show that mormons have normal, 
happy, lives.and im a christian :)i thought this was a thoughtful video until i saw everything about Mormon 
this and Mormon that in the tags in the video decription. Now i don't even 
understand what I was watchingit's great that she's such a good person, and really happy seeming, and 
comfortable with herself and her life.... but why does that have to depend 
on her religion? this is an advertisement for the mormon faith as much as 
it is an advertisement for yoga or ice cream. again, her story is very 
sweet; but bill gates (for example) is an atheist and donates tons of money 
to charities. happy people and humanitarians can come from any religious 
background, including agnostics and atheists. :)uhhh, so what does being a mormon have anything to do with your life?and I'm a Christian, but religion has nothing to do with it ;D and im a mormon! :)I also like ice-cream. Am I a mormon?Somebody gave me something to eat which caused me to lose a lot of 
weight... I have never been so scared in my life... I think it was 
something these mormons picked up from traveling around... just stay home 
and leave people alone... This is all wonderful that this girl does these things, but being a Mormon 
does not make her or anyone else a better person in the slightest.:)@loveus2girls a religion that stays true to their principles. i dont know 
why people are hatin. the media does joke a lot about em a lot.@skittlesareyum48 LOOOOOOOOOL 33 year old troll@EDMUNDHOMMIES Woosh, right over your head.@ElectricFeraligatr Then that's good :) These videos aren't meant for you; 
they're meant for people who are ignorant (dumb, in other words) and think 
that mormons are total weirdos or worse. They're just trying to show that 
that kind of thinking is wrong.@loveus2girls Check Mormon.Org outGreat example to us all!Lisa is one of the most inspirational people that I know. She is amazing.lol cool stroy bro its a girl ghahahahaLOOOOOOOOOOOL mormons.Thanks for taking the time to watch, everyone! :) If you get a minute, read 
this: mormon.org/me/325K/@Gautavai7 :)@groovybassline Read this! :) mormon.org/me/325K/Wisa is da best!! Shore!!I'm ElectricFeraligatr, and I still don't understand the point of these 
videos.Dats mah sistah yall!!! :DI'm PixelatedHero98, and i'm not a Mormon.Very cool.