We can't help it! We feel such joy and want everybody to feel it!A great Bible reading Christian!!!Why do some people WATCH a Mormon ad ... and then say, "keep your religion 
to yourself".... It is interesting, heartfelt and diverse.... Lighten up ! 
Free agency take and listen or not ...Thanks for Sharing ... Beautiful 
family Enjoy others for what they share and their life experiences 
....There is more beauty in the world because they share .... You're amazing Deon. Loved this video and love your positive outlook on 
life and positive attitude. There are people out there who will try and 
bring you down for all that you have, don't let them!!!!! You and your 
family are beautiful. I will be showing this video to one of my friends who 
is a little anti-indigenous haha. Stay strong and thank you so much for 
sharing :)Awesome hehee. If that was true than my family is in lots of trouble. My husband is 
a computer programmer and we love to watch funny shows on TV. I think that, 
like every belief/culture, there are those out there that take things to 
the extremes. They probably were trying to avoid some of the bad things 
that are shown on TV or the internet (porn, crude language, violence etc.). 
The no technology thing is the Amish. I think they are simply using the media to dispel misconceptions, reach 
other people, and just add to the other videos out there. Honestly, I would 
rather watch these than some of the other sketchy stuff on the internet... 
I don't see this as something bad.Is it really that bad to share it?i ma a mormon. I love it. I believe in being a mormon.it's not advertising. this is to show the world that mormons are REAL 
people. we are normal and live diverse lives. :)just keep your negative opinions to yourself... is it really that hard?@llieske watch other videos bro! this video is to those who wanna know 
about mormons and too see for themselve that there as christian as anybody 
else! don't watch the mormon videos... is it really that hard? @TheTornadoStorm Seriously? The internet is awesome!! The leaders of the 
church are always talking about how the technology these days, when used 
for good and righteous causes, is such a blessing! I'm a baptized member of 
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, I went to church today 
because it's Sunday and church makes me feel so uplifted, and I just 
watched The Office and Modern Family on Hulu. There is the honest truth. :) 
Now you know. @ArkStudioVids That was their own choice. I watch TV all the time. I'm 
online watching The Office and Modern Family and YouTube videos right now! 
I think there are more productive things to do in my time, so it's all 
about moderation, just like everything else. I also don't eat a tub of ice 
cream every day. (just sometimes :P )@FaithicsTV Unfortunately there are a lot of misconceptions and lies out 
there about The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints...so what a 
blessing it is to have the technology to teach those of you who don't know 
the truths of the gospel of Jesus Christ. It's just about education. :) 
(and it's not the first religion to advertise...but if that was a joke, 
it's funny!)@TheKinderhookPlates insulting, bullying language, maybe - wouldn't you be? 
mormons aren't afraid of anything. - but i can still see ratings working as 
normal.awesome accent! @MrWalksalot Tell it again.that's awesome there are aboriginals that work to keep their ancestors 
memory & traditions alive. @CookieOnMyShoulder all money is donated by members. no one in the LDS 
church is paid, all clergy and any other position ( teachers, youth group 
leaders, ect) are 100% voluntary and do not make a salary or any other 
financial profit - so there is more money left over to do advertising like 
this, showing the world what Mormons are really like : )I love these stories and could care less what your religeon is :)Its so funny how all these videos get trolled@CookieOnMyShoulder ..the church has the funds...all donated by 
members...they have the skills too..@lren45 not quite the same..this guy works in the community.....and does 
not run a multi million dollar business making money by not paying 
copyright...@llieske hey he was not pushing his religious beliefs on you ..he just 
mentioned he is a Mormon...everything else he said was related to his 
normal everyday life...no need to be so critical... @BeforeThePlagues which for sure is acceptable... yes?..:))Congratulations! This is now the first religion to have to advertise; How 
pitiful.@llieske is it so hard to not accept others offerings?I am NOT a mormon;)kinda reminds me of Kim dotcom@BeforeThePlagues good for you! that's exactly what this videos are for! to 
show people that mormons are not weirdos! Wait how did you get the money to promote these videos and have such great 
quality? This makes mormons look bad, Advertising it.. really?what a joke, why disable ratings? Lets see how the numbers stack up @llieske You tell them to keep their opinion (religion) to them self, but 
that ITSELF is an opinion. I don't care what you say, but that's what I 
call being a hypocrite. @TheTornadoStorm Thats amish..... I will never fail to be amazed by people who come onto "I Am A Mormom" 
videos and badmouth Mormons. I have an idea, call me crazy, but if you 
don't like the videos how about you don't watch the videos. Did I just blow 
your mind? I did didn't I?These ads make the religion seem more like a product than anything else. 
It's not an evangelistic movement that will simply entice people like 
children to candy. Can you imagine if every religion did the same?These intriguing, multicultural, relevant, contemporary commercial messages 
have totally converted me from my current default religion/lack of 
religion. @Trickshottinqs And they also manually approve their comments. lololI didn't know that religions advertise.to the credit of the Church, they are allowing comments@llieske I don't think that these videos are being forced upon you, and I'm 
pretty sure that their intention isn't to convert, but to educate. People 
have a lot of misconceptions about what and who Mormons are, and I think 
these videos aim to prove that Mormons are a normal (yet diverse and 
interesting) group of people. He's not talking preaching, he's just talking 
about himself, and part of his life is his religion. i thought Mormons didn't use things like technology.. like TV and Computers 
and stuff.. I knew a Mormon family and use to talk to them every now and 
then and they said that the reason why they did not own a tv and stuff was 
because they were Mormon and Mormons do not use such things... Piedoom: because there are still plenty of people who don't think followers 
of the LDS faith are people. Seeking acceptance and reduce prejudice via 
spreading knowledge.@Trickshottinqs Wisest choice for their spamming.just keep your religion to yourself... is it really that hard?Cool story, bro.he says morman funny #christianokay, im a christian and stuff but i am sick and tired of all these mormon 
things popping all over mai tv and computer. >.< i think its great and all 
but i think you guys should like, mail letters to everybody and tell them 
who is a mormon, like what your doing in ads and videos and stuff... no 
offence. :]lol he promotes health!!!@Piedoom0 It doesn't really. They are trying to convey that just because 
you are Mormon you can be smart, cool and have fun too. Then hoping to 
recruit more people into potential Mormons. This is excellent marketing for 
the LDS. Although, Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Thomas Edison, Henry Ford and I 
are all Atheists so it really does not matter. The bible was a great story 
and some folks actually take it seriously. For the most part, people in 
general are not able to live as a whole.I thought mormons didn't believe in electricity (therefore they wouldn't 
use the internet)I can have a life just like his and not be a mormonFOR CHRIST SAKE, WE'RE NOT MORMANS.and i thought this was going somewhere...if anything this make me not want to be a morman@Piedoom0 see thats my problem, it shouldnt matter what religion you are@MaukaOne I agree, we gotta blow off steam somehow..this guy is promoting good health? rofl ur a mormon and im a doorman you don't have to be mormon to do any of these thingslol mormonism...i can dougie... and i'm a mormon....And i'm a poop eaterPrime advertising for your religion, on a Hopsin video.@mediatriage i second thisThey are trying to prove that mormans have normal lives and live just like 
everyone else just like everyone else.And showing that we dont have 25 
babies and we dont have some weird apsetion with the church.and have the 
moms stay home always.We are all equal nomatter what religion mormanss 
beileive in the bible they beileive in god.Im a mormon and go to church 
every sunday and Everyday we talk about god and we read the bible and we 
pray and everything just like evryone elsehe works at a health system and he is crazy fat !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! still 
great story!everyone search book of mormon the musical on google!ಠ_ಠ What is a mormon?I love his story. It's really eye-opening, but I am kind of confused why we 
have to know that he's mormon. Is it so that no one asks him what his 
religion is or something? I really don't care. As long as you help create 
peace and happiness around you and others is all that really matters.I'm Wyatt Allen, and I'm an atheist.are there any gay mormans?@mediatriage In retrospect he didn't really push his faith upon anyone, 
just more or less stated a fact or shared that part of information. He 
didn't say "I'm a morman, and you should be too." like if you dislike this video @mediatriage atheism isn't a religion. You should know that before making 
such broad statements. Cool story broYou keep doing what your doing Jon pearson! We really care about you and 
hope you do well in life don't let anyone bring you down! YEAH!! Forever 
yours - jake@caroljenson Yeah, usually something to destroy and denounce, eh?"and i'm a mormon" SHALL BE A MEME AT ONCE!I respect you as an individual, as a father, and as an Indigenous person, 
but I am really getting tired of having the Mormon religion pushed in our 
faces. I don't see Islam, Judaism, Catholicism, or atheism pushed on 
anyone. Why take it the next step and put the Mormon religion in our faces 
on TV, sign boards, and door knocks? I am messaging you because I think you 
have a good heart. I'd really like a reply if you have the time!wow ,it is amazingI'm not trying to be rude. But you can be a "normal" member of society and 
a successful person no matter what religion you are. These videos say 
NOTHING about mormonism...is anyone else really high haha@Piedoom0 I'm mormon, and to tell you the truth I'm not exactly sure why 
someone started these videos. I think it's maybe to show the world the good 
and pure lives people are living in this world where there's so much 
corruption. Anyway, that's just my thought.but why does it matter that he is a morman?Very interesting to hear from a man of a different culture than I am. Thank 
you!watch out for snakes? His he a MST3K fan?hhahaha they disabled ratingsGreat vid. love this.Love these!