Beautiful video, it is a blessing to be a mormon, to know God´s plan and 
learn to live in this world developing our talents and knowledge.sorry for you but we know that nobody is perfect .you will have time to 
change , go to a mormon church and see by yourself how these people are 
great and loving father , mother and respect GOD'S lawThe point of Mormon ads is to veer away from stereotypes the world has 
about our religion. People sometimes think we are strange people- that 
we're Amish, have twenty wives (or mothers), or stuff along those lines. 
And the point is to prove that we are normal (I define normal as doing 
things that most people do, like having a career), everyday people, and not 
a mutant race.its all perspective. I've never seen an electron. no one has. the big bang 
is a guess. but if you study religion especially the lds religion as I've 
been doing for some time now I've been coming to realize that science and 
religion coexist almost perfectly. they don't contradict each other as much 
as you might believe if you really study them both. I absolutely am a man 
of science and of faith in god and eternal life. many mormons don't even 
understand their own doctrine fully, i know i don't. Umm...no. The point of this video, like the other 137 videos, is to show 
Mormons in a different light. They aren't in some fenced community in the 
desert with eight wives or whatever. These videos show people who are 
Mormon are from many different walks of life and each of these people have 
their own personal testimony. Only Mormons can prove cancer? No, not all. 
But can someone believe in God and Science? Yes, absolutely. It's not that simple. God does not manifest Himself in a way that is 
testable and quantifiable, ie. God is beyond the reach of science. I bet 
even Sergio here agrees. However, in science, if there is no scientific 
evidence for the existence of something, we much accept the null hypothesis 
and conclude non-existence. Sergio makes an exception only for God.Yes it does.Just because you don't see a God, doesn't mean there isn't one. Very Inspiring, thank you! I'm at BYUI right now studying biotechnology and 
genetics. When did he say that?lol.Also the point of this video is to prove that 
mormons are pretty normal cool people and no differnet than anyone else.yayI'm trying to watch videos about science and suddenly THIS comes on? Get 
outta town!These videos are awesome!Just because YOU don't see a conflict, doesn't mean there isn't one. @omg101man Come to my church. We have an entire branch for Spanish speaking 
people. My wife is from South America, Colombia. The majority of members of 
the LDS church live outside the Untied States. I am a man of science. I am an atheist. @ztetnies I used to ask myself the same thing. But the whole reason they 
make these videos is so people like you don't get the idea that they're 
fanatic church freaks.Let me get this straight--through years of introspection and logical 
religious inquiry... you decided Mormonism was the way to go?@ztetnies Maybe you've missed the discussion for the past few decades, but 
many people think that science and religion conflict. This guy shows they 
are harmonious, and that Mormons aren't all sectarian polygamists living in 
the mountains of Arizona.Iam a geologist a fisherman... and Iam an Athiest :)@wolfeywoman You must not be looking very hard. Who is this targeted toward? 'I was an atheist until Sergio's 2 minute 
testimonial convinced me to become a Mormon!'@gattler You're an "ex atheist?" When was your accident?wtf hes mexican!!! IVE NEVER SEEN A MEXICAN MORMON till now@gattler Latter-day Saints (too commonly called Mormons) are Christians. 
So, even if you were a Latter-day Saint, you'd still be Christian, & even 
more so than now. We are The Church of JESUS CHRIST of Latter-day Saints. 
We believe in God the Eternal Father, & His Son Jesus Christ, & the Holy 
Ghost. We believe that through the Atonement of Christ all mankind may be 
saved by obedience to the laws & ordinances of the gospel. We believe in 
faith in Christ, repentance, baptism, grace & faithfulness.@gattler Latter-day Saints believe God did in modern days what He did 
throughout history: call prophets, bestow priesthood keys & give 
revelation. What do u believe? R u Baptist? Then ur church began in the 
17th century by John Smyth who wasn't a prophet, had no priesthood keys, & 
received no revelation. R u Catholic? Then u believe in electing a man, 
calling him infallible, allowing "priests" to molest boys, & cannibalism 
(i.e. transubstantiation). And u think LDS r weird? Think again!@MrJacobey123 That's exactly what this video is...a video about a 
Christian...a member of The Church of JESUS CHRIST of Latter-day Saints. 
Whether you call Latter-day Saints Christians or not is immaterial. 
Latter-day Saints are true Christians. Nothing can change that.@gattler Every christian is an ex-atheist. As no one is born with a 
religious belief. How do we test the god hypothesis he speaks of? If it is not testable then 
it is not a hypothesis and it also would not be science. If it cannot be 
evaluated scientifically how can it be known?@MrJacobey123 I thought mormons were christians?@GeeMez7 they believe that the Book of mormon, translated by The "Prophet" 
joseph smith is true and that it is ANOTHER testament of jesus christ. 
supposedly to the "church of jesus christ, of latter day saints" (aka 
mormons) its a book of books written by prophets that sailed across the 
ocean from Jerusalem and landed in the americas (north/south) and populated 
the areas along with the gospel of the old testament only.. the book of 
mormons use to be originally written in metal plates... yep.My name is Valerian Christian Ibarra, i am a Sales directive of Coca cola, 
a Student, a Theologian, a ex atheist a Formula Drift Racer and i am a 
Christian... Not a Mormon.@MrJacobey123 Sure, but of course there's not a lot of misunderstanding 
with Christians. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints is one of 
the most misunderstood, and by exposing their members to the world they're 
hoping people can truly see what the church is about.@metalheadmarti preach it bortha :D lol i agree with you completelyYou can test out religion by praying about it and by seeing the fruits that 
it brings to your life. It is a lot like the scientific process. @xnotoriousss lol Conflict: faith (belief in the absence of evidence). Science: facts that 
are supported by evidence and form a wholistic framework to analyze the 
PHYSICAL world. Also science is focused on the PHYSICAL world, atoms etc. 
Although it can be argued that conscience and thought are not "physical" 
they have a physical basis (the brain), unlike an invisible/unmeasurable 
god. thumbs up if u dont get the mormon religionSo Mormons are the only people who can prove cancer? Whats the point of 
this ideo? What exactly is t that Mormons believe in?MORE CONFLICTS between being a man of faith and a man of science: 
Australopithecus bahrelghazali, Australopithecus afarensis, Paranthropus 
aethiopicus, Homo erectus, Paranthropus robustus, Homo rudolfensis, 
Australopithecus sediba, Paranthropus robustus, Homo habilis... I'm 
starting to get bored of copying and pasting species of cavemen. But you 
get the idea.He doesn't see a conflict between being a man of faith and a man of 
science? ...Do I really ALWAYS have to be the bad guy? Alright... 
Sahelanthropus tchadensis, Orrorin tugenensis, Australopithecus anamensis, 
Australopithecus anamensis, Ardipithecus ramidus, Australopithecus 
anamensis, Bipedal hominid, Australopithecus afarensis, Kenyanthropus 
platyops, Australopithecus, Australopithecus afarensis, Australopithecus 
afarensis, Australopithecus afarensis. That enough conflict? I got more!@metalheadmarti that is because logically you cannot disprove the 
impossible or unnatural, on possible and objective premises. this man i 
guarantee has no logical and objective arguments for god.You can hate, but "truth, the sum of existence, will weather the worst, 
eternal, unchanged, evermore."George Lopez is a mormon? WTF?@metalheadmarti science is just a study/theory of things while the bible is 
the word of man @Quartrez I mean that it is an awesome mindset to have -- one that not 
people are willing to adopt --- MANY people are foolishly stuck in religion 
(including many people who have leadership positions in religions) and they 
won't open their minds to the raw honesty and truth that science has to 
offer, and you'll find many scientists who are just as dogmatic about their 
'beliefs' -- the world would be an amazing place to live if every man could 
say 'i'm a man of science and a man of faith' @Quartrez watch his explanation again then... or have some more life 
experiences... and you might be lucky enough to understand what he means@TheXenoChemist " If Mormons, other Christians, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, and 
Buddhists can all have a﻿ similar spiritual experience, it proves that such 
phenomena are not contingent on the truth of any of those religions." This 
is a really good point, but the phenomenon that you're talking about might 
suggest that the ''common'' truth found among them --as you purify the 
cultural biases out of each them -- is something we could all pay more 
attention to...show me a mormon biologist@PEEWEEK707 Science can't even prove bumble bees fly. But they do.and all done with out one cup of coffee I was aware of the existence of religious scientists. What I was not aware 
of was the existence of a Mormon Sanchez.@koala1209 Why is it contradictory? William of Ockham, Nicolaus Copernicus, 
John Napier, Francis Bacon, Johannes Kepler, Galileo Galilei, Rene 
Descartes, Blaise Pascal, Robert Boyle, Gottfried Leibniz, Isaac Newton, 
Leonhard Euler, Michael Faraday, James Clerk Maxwell, Louis Pasteur, Lord 
Kelvin, Georg Cantor, Max Planck, Freeman Dyson, and Francis Collins (head 
of Human Genome Project) are all Christians, to name a few. "I'm a man of science, I'm a man of faith." Does not compute.@shimshonrules Is it the one that transforms everybody in zombies ?My question to you is. What if you have the chance to cure cancer, and you 
know this one step will help cure it, but it would go against your faith; 
would you still do it?isn't it Contradictory with a religous scientist??? I have cancer!!! @drindigomarch calling your bluff. im doubting that you would be able to 
hold your own in a debate on this topic@richie4956 im an atheist. but anyway, i laughed hard at 'scientist' and 
'mormon' being in the same sentence. good stuff.@metalheadmarti you are wrong the whole way round.Mormons are such good people. I'm not mormon but the United States would be 
better off with more of these people. @WackyClips4000 I think they are trying to use the example of a scientist 
to show how we can approach religion as an experiment as Sergio explains 
towards the end. The Book of Mormon invites all to "experiment" upon the 
word of God to see if it is goodLooks to me like he's more of a middle school science teacher. What if he has his experience with god and finds like....a rock.... no? no 
atheists out there like me??........ok thenThe really need to make a series of Jewish videos. Albert Einstein, 
Physicist, Philosopher, Jew@MrJacobey123 Yeeeaaaah ahah video tape me?.... NAHH JK LoL 1 Billion of 
us, we dont need to make comercialsScience and Religion don't mix@Michaelas11 what do you think is dubblethinking? (there is experiments 
that you can do regards to spiritual things. and those things mormons and 
all people are invited to do if they want to). @PEEWEEK707 Stop using Pascal's Wager. It makes you look like an idiot. The reason a person can learn science to an advanced level - even PhD level 
- and still believe in religion is that they are separate things. And it 
shows how compartmentalized our brains are. And there's nothing in the 
academic curriculum of a scientist that deals with religion or refutes it 
in any way. Our schools don't even allow debate for this. And questioning 
the validity of a religious belief is put down as a kind of bigotry. So the 
conflicts are ignored.Love his quote: "We (scientists) search for truth. We try all sorts of ways 
to approach truth, and we test all of our different approaches." That's the 
crux of life. We need to search for truth, and try all approaches, and test 
them all. What is right, will be the right thing for us.@PEEWEEK707 Pascal's wager, really? People are so disappointing. ppl what rick james meant was what does the whole "Ima mormon" thing have 
to do with the video? i mean isnt he talking bout finding the cure to 
cancer or something? and idg what they're advertising....................@victron714 no, not really ...science cannot prove religion right ,but it 
can't prove it wrong ...... in the end we will all go somewere or maybe we 
won't go anywere. when believing in a religion there is nothing to lose. 
lets say that religion is wrong and wejust die. then ill be a person who 
lived a good life of morals but if religion is right and humans do go 
somewere when they die. they have nothing to lose and everything to gain.@ImRickJamesBitchs we are all humans and should respect each other even if 
we arent all the same religions@VvDOPAMEANvV I am Mormon. We are all taught from a young age to 
"experiment" with our faith. We are taught to read the Book of Mormon and 
find out for ourselves if it's true, and the same goes with all doctrinal 
principles. The thing is, I've tested them all out and found out for myself 
that they are true.@ImRickJamesBitchs i know that it does matter. But, that's a question you 
have to ask and answer yourself. Don't let us try to convince you. Doublethink.@VvDOPAMEANvV The concept of faithful experimentation can be found in the 
32nd chapter of Alma within the Book of Mormon. In this discourse, the 
ancient prophet Alma expounds on how faith can grow when we learn and apply 
these concepts in our lives. Regarding other religions, our faith actually 
commands us to learn about all cultures, religions, and creeds. The reason 
we don't join other faiths is because we also believe in Ephesians 4:5, 
"One Lord, one faith, one baptism."@physicsiscrazy because they are educated on how mormons really WORK and 
see through this smoke and mirrors act@ImRickJamesBitchs I'm assuming you are actually interested in an answer, 
albeit the negative connotation implied by your question. Religion helps 
people answer questions that cannot be answered in any other way - mainly, 
the purpose of life. For some people, this is not something they care 
about, but most people will think about it at some point. If you are open 
to other paths to truth beyond the scientific method, religion can matter.@ImRickJamesBitchs Depends on the person - if you accept that there is more 
than one route to truth, then yes. It is very rewarding, on a personal 
level, when you realize that science will not discover everything and that 
other avenues should be tested. Btw, I'm a scientist and a Mormon also.I don't see anything wrong with mormons. People are just dumb. @ImRickJamesBitchs Yes. Religion matters. A scientist that is into religion? Is that an oxymoron? Ego humiliation is indeed a large part of science. Bottom line, the 
physical reality doesn't conform to the human brain's capacity to 
understand; the brain's capacity to understand is remolded to understand 
the physical world. This is science. To then say, "I know something is true 
because I feel it" is to stop doing science. Notice how this IS the first 
situation - reality conforms to pre-existing capacity of brain. Beautiful video! Thanks, Brother Sanchez!I didn't know Mormons were ok with testing "god". Fantastic! I hope they 
all follow Mr. Sanchez's example and seek all religions and non-religions. 
Thanks Mr. Sanchez for showing us that you must study and compare all 
views. Would you be kind enough to compare Mormonism with Scientology 
please?@physicsiscrazy Because they are letting their hate get in the way of 
seeing a person for who he is. It's unfortunate.Thanks for your amazing example Brother Sanchez!!! I enjoyed hearing your 
testimony of applying the same search and desire for truth both in the 
realm of science and spirituality! You have a beautiful wife and 
kids...much love bro and keep up the great work=]i have a question, does there religion or anyones religion really matteran example to us all.How could people dislike this video?! I am shocked! Why do Mormons need to advertise on Facebook?So, how old is the earth???????Why do Mormons have to many kids?! Stop having so many damn kids! mormons are cool. so sad that drugs are where all the money goes for 
potential cures, but they do more harm than good.. hmmm, JAMA, Journal of 
American Medicine says that the 4th leading cause of death in the US is 
properly prescribed medications... when will people stop pushing drugs and 
get to truth!?! Space the Final Frontier