love this video﻿GOD SAVED ME IN THE DARKNESS TODAY AMEN COME QUEKLEY LORD GOD JESUS OF 
NAZERATH I MEAN IT AMEN !!! this is a wonderful lifestyle I think we sometimes always have questions about whether or not a marriage 
will work out- this is just a proof that two people who want to make it 
work can do it! People can change and they can do it through Christ. Life 
is good. dat was awesome king frankie!What a wonderful video! Hearing Frank's story warms my heart and reminds me 
of home. What an amazing couple they are. Thank you for posting.... brilliant!! ... this video really made me happy ... I felt the warmth, 
the humour and the love that these wonderful people have ... God bless them 
and their family.so awesome! i'm movin' to new york city!This is my aunt and uncle. They are amazing people and this video, while 
amazing, fails to completely capture their humor and greatness. Love them 
to death. "People don't change. They may want to. They may need to." - Housewhat a cute couple! makes me want to hang out with them too! LOL ♥i was there!I'd like to know what kind of cookies she was making.I think this is the best one!Yay for being LDS! :DAwesome video! Now let's get some CALAMAAAA!I like it! Way to go. And yes, I agree. Jesus is an amazing man. Triple 
thumbs up!The guidance that he's talking about is something similar to what I sort of 
have, when I look at others around me, I feel as if this religion I belong 
to was shown to me so that I could give guidance and direction to those who 
need it most. The gospel is a wonderful thing, and everyone should hear 
about it; after that It's your life. Please pass this on. I had great fun doing it to help people. Frank 
Mansuetto@fullfofire whats wrong with being a mormon, im dieing to find out, cause 
im an orthodox christian, but it seems like a lot of people are hating on 
mormons for no apparent reason.Frank, thanks for sharing this video. Drugs takes free agency and I'm glad 
the Gospel helped you get it back and do beautiful things with it. Thanks 
for your service to our country too! From another Brooklynite 
(Canarsie-raised) Mormon (albeit born and raised Jewish), Love and Peace To 
You and Your Family Always.I laughed.I love these people. They take my family out to dinner every month. Daniel 
P....and I'm a Mormon. Forgedaboudit!coolest mormon out there but still a mormonI'm proud of my family. Funny, funny video. I'm glad to be the first to 
comment on it. Frank send me my version of this video. I like the 
soundtrack better, it isn't so Apple "hi im a mac, and im a PC" type of 
soundtrack :) 