sorry if a Christian (yes, Mormons are Christians) told you that. Obviously 
they don't know the gospel of Jesus Christ well enough if they utter such 
words. I apologize on behalf of them. Wow, the strength and resilience and faith it must take her, day in and day 
out, to do what she does!! People outside this cannot even imagine the 
horrors she witnesses and the hopelessness and depravity that she needs to 
love through. How hard it must be for her not to judge - anyone who would 
judge her negatively in return will reap that harvest, God forgive them!Awesome lady! :) Just as she said it's SO true, no one has to be perfect to 
serve God and to be used by him. Helping people out, he was always with 
sinners, or sad people who were down. He loved the unlovable and served and 
loved even those people that no one "wanted to touch" I'm sure Christ looks 
at her and smiles that she's doing the things that he would do. Mormons don't believe you are going to hell. Anyone who tells you they know 
how Christ will judge you individually, discredits themselves . How you 
treat others and live your life is what matters most to God.im not a mormon but this woman makes me feel welcomed by mormons. i wish 
there were more people that we like this because im tired of christians and 
mormons telling me thata im going to hell because im dont have a set 
religion... yes im agnostic but u telling me that im going to hell dosent 
make me want to be apart of ur religion any more.. There is way too many dislikes for a video that cant be taken as offensive 
in anyway shape or form. Seems like they just dont like the idea of a 
religion trying to show some appeal from those who would normally disregard 
this. Kinda a shame that people are so closed mindedOkay I'm not a Mormon/LDS, but the dislikes really sicken me to the 
core...how can people be this cruel? This woman is a hero! Not a lot of 
people in our modern society take the time out of their day to do 
this...she is one of the few.Wow. This was a wonderful video about a wonderful woman. The people who are 
"disliking" these videos must be very lonely and sad ... and have WAY too 
much time on their hands! loli feel like that's not the point of the video though. i don't think its to 
say "hey, look, these people do good things because they're a MORMON!" i 
view it more as "hey, look, these people do good things AND they're a 
Mormon!" its almost to show that Mormons can be good people too, that 
they're not religious nutcases like they're stereotyped to be, but 
ironically it provides the same basis for criticism that you're talking 
about. to each his own. true, not by force, but He will if we allow Him...these bios are so amazingWow, looking at the likes vs dislikes and all I can say is if Mother 
Theresa had done all the same good things but had been Mormon rather than 
Catholic, apparently everyone would hate her. If anyone cannot comprehend 
why these videos happen, that's it in a nutshell. You don't have to agree 
on theology. No two religions do. But hating on genuinely good people ONLY 
because their Mormon is a sad commentary on humanity. The whole point is 
probably to help people use their brain and get over it!This lady is an inspiration! It's people like this that make our country so 
much better for everyone living in it. So compassionate and selfless, how 
does she accomplish so much with her life? She's awesome!People will hate Mormons and call us false, let them. Judge not lest ye be 
judged. Through prayer I know this church is the true church. I bear my 
testimony that this church is true because I was a solmen atheist, but now, 
I'm Mormon... beautiful woman, so strong. @aloe05 What in the holy hell are you talking about? Categorically true? It 
contradicts itself on numerous occasions! And by the way, the Holy Bible 
and the Book of Mormon are two completely different books? I take it youre 
not a Mormon!@thesuperfe It has nothing to do with these peoples' stories of success and 
overcoming troubles and trials in their lives. It's the fact that these 
videos make religion a part of the equation, as if their religion is what 
delivered them, and not the love and support of those that cared about 
them, and their drive to make a better life for themselves. There would 
also be a lot of thumbs down if we had these stories, and they ended with 
"...and I'm a Wal-Mart employee."@thesuperfe i find it funny lmao@aloe05 ...........it's sad that there are so many dislikes to these videos. Amen Sally, that's what it's all about. Through our experiences we know 
better how to succor the weary and lift up the weak just like our Savior. 
Amen to you and your good works. Thank you for sharing. You have touched my 
heart today.Thank you for sharing the message and 'good news' of our Lord and Saviour 
Jesus Christ. WowWhat a beautiful person!No one should dislike this. 