I've watched several "I'm a Mormon" videos but this one hit home to me. I 
hope to one day make an impact on children the way she has. Heartwarming to 
say the least.You made me cry. I love your compassion. I am reading a book called, "Brain 
Rules for Babys" by John Medina. Reading about the developmental stages of 
infants and small children, my heart cries for these orphans that miss out 
on basic developmental milestones that most children go through. God bless 
you.I want to be like her. I want to help children know they are loved! :)I was born an orphan in Sofia Bulgaria. This touched me to see there is 
hope for the almost forgotten..I now live a happy life with my new family 
here in Utah..I am so grateful for people like this women and people also 
like both my mothers...one who gave me up and the other who took me in :) I 
wish there were more people like this women here. May god bless you. :)Wonderful video! she is so nice and beautiful!This is a great video for all those mothers out there that might be feeling 
overwhelmed, and it looks like she goes the extra mile for all those orphan 
children over sea. And helps out there calls, that's great. Sometimes the 
small things... or people in or life's are important too. And we don't have 
to be perfect, all the time. This video has received so many dislikes BECAUSE it is inspirational.lol good question. start here mormon . orgHow can people not like this!? This woman is doing something so beautiful 
regardless of her beliefs! It is so sad that religion has become an 
obstacle for people to see the bigger picture--that we are all equal human 
beings, and we all need love and wish to be happy. That is what this 
wonderful woman is doing. the point of these videos is to tell you that Mormons are just like 
'ANYBODY'. We are regular people, we just have different beliefsI love Deborah's great example. I love how she loves herself and loves 
others. Whenever we feel depressed, if we can get ourselves to serve 
someone else, we will be uplifted.See Mormon.orgWhy does this video have so many dislikes? Where are our values of respect 
and appreciation regardless of faith in the civilized world? How can you 
dislike what this woman is doing? What's wrong with people?I have nothing against mormons. I don't know why everybody hates them. Now, 
that being said I don't believe in their religion (I'm Buddhist), but I 
think a lot of them are really nice people, including this outstanding 
woman.The womans deeds are commendable at the very least. Mormonism, however, has 
nothing to do with her deeds. i don't care what belief system or non-belief you profess, this 
woman/mother is doing amazing work. truly inspirational. I'm a teenage Mormon girl who LOVES children! In all little kids I can see 
the love and light of Christ shining through their smiling faces. I can't 
wait to get married and become a mother myself. (BTW to those that think 
the mormon adds are for the campaign, we started advertising long before 
the elections) Very cool Deborah, I am so lucky to call Deborah my friend. I get to share 
the love of her children and through my relationship with them I have grown 
to understand just how amazing Deborah is. Love you DeborahThank you so much for this video. It shows us that being a mom makes a 
difference!! In any religion! So many people have issues with being a 
mormon - this video shows me that you're a pretty normal person, doing your 
best to contribute to society. There seems to be a lot of haters! You're 
doing good - end of story!Double Like!Bless you Deborah!! :)What's up with the dislikesthis is fantastic...moms are the most important people...thank youI love it that at some point in this video she is wearing a large tshirt, 
her hair is up in a bun, and she's cleaning a wet mattress. It makes me 
feel like I'm not the only one :)@Sh0oter0oni Obviously you haven't been around kids much. She obviously was 
dealing w/ cleaning up an "accident" so her kid would have a dry clean bed 
to sleep in. So smart...I love that lady! <3Wow, I just hate it when people try to attack other religions. You have 
your own beliefs, and we have ours. If we don't want to change, we won't, 
and maybe people should take that into consideration. I'm a teenage Mormon 
girl, and all I can say is that I love every minute of my religion and for 
me, I know it's true. I won't change for anyone."I was so depressed and couldn't see the beauty of life.... so I married an 
ugly fat guy and had 5 kids, praise jesus"@TheseBonesLiquify Mormons believe this about those not affiliated with 
religion (a god is a better way to put that): "And behold, I tell you these 
things that ye may learn awisdom; that ye may learn that when ye are in the 
service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your God." so, 
whether one believes in God or not, Believers feel non believers are God 
like and serving him anyway so it's good no matter how you look at it, non 
believers in a higher power are just as note worthy!@OhayoTokyo The advertising is intended to share how 'most' members of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints are like 'most' other 
people-helping the perception of many decrease that 'mormons' worship 
Satan, sacrifice goats in their temples, they are closed to society, a 
cult, uptight, better than thou-the negative connotations are numerous...That's very nice of you, but please try some birth control. 5 is too many.i'll go ahead and bet this was shot in Utahwhat a awesome story i love this@OhayoTokyo What IS the point of these videos? Is it to show that the 
Mormon faith is correct, or that good living is exclusive to Mormons? No. 
It is to tell our story on our terms to those who are accidentally (as 
opposed to willfully) ignorant about our religion. It is to show who we are 
and how the core principles of Christianity are reflected in the lives of 
faithful, practicing Mormons. In so doing we hope that fair-minded people 
will expand their views and want to know more.My name is Jack. And I'm an orphan... and this made me sad..@OhayoTokyo Holy crap! My name is Trevor too! And I'm an atheist! And I 
totally agree with you!that was pretty psychotic when she blew dry her kids bedIs this a Lysol commercial? I liked it, up until she MADE it about being a mormon. She's not the only 
one who's in a religion that does charity work, let alone charity work for 
orphans. There's people who aren't affiliated with religion who do TWICE as 
much, if not MORE with their lives and for others and have nothing to do 
with "god". Sad that she tries to make us feel like we're doing less for 
humanity because we're not "mormon". Not very godly of you.@edgeofthewoods This shows a woman who is a mother but also runs a large 
charity for orphans. They "glorify" her for both!@OhayoTokyo LOL that's a good point. A very true point and certainly an 
obvious one. However is it so hard for you to believe that a church would 
promote doing good for no other reason than the simple fact that we could 
always use more of it?I think it's great of you to help this world :) but being mormon has no 
relation to what you are talking about.. @edgeofthewoods What's wrong with being a mom? “ You educate a man; you 
educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.” - Brigham 
YoungYa know what's interesting? America is such an interesting concept STILL 
for European countries. It's so hard for the majority of Europeans to grasp 
why so many Americans are religious. 95% of Italians are Catholic, 3% 
practice. @sebaswow40 As long as they don't spend that life telling everyone else how 
they should lead THEIRS. My friends Sean and Andrew have been together 
seven years, but the Mormon church doesn't think they have the right to 
live however they want by being married in their home state (or in 
California, where the church's money bought a repeal of marriage equality 
even after the voters had deemed it constitutional). So I'll continue to 
not respect that institution in the slightest, if you don't mind. @paperboy438 Thanks, really. I feel like this is something that religious 
people make no effort to understand. I hear people saying things like 
"religion/Christianity is what gives people morals," and I wonder how they 
can say something so horrible to me. I have no virtue, no morals, no 
judgment... because I don't believe in God? That's a really insidious kind 
of bigotry, and it's tough for me to deal with. @rjky1986 Mormish? l2english"I like that you're a mom and that you do all these wonderful things. But 
im going to click the dislike button and troll because im a closed minded 
individual whose opinions on mormons come from what people on the internet 
tell me and not from any of my own REAL research on whats true and whats 
not"@paulsbunyans no the idea is to show that Mormons are righteous and anyone 
can become righteous and happy by becoming a Mormon. which is not the case.I have no problem with people having their faiths and being happy with 
them. The problem here is that we have religious propaganda that insinuates 
that it is only Mormons who do good things for other people and that 
becoming a Mormon will automatically make you happy and a good person. This 
is offensive to me. I have my personal beliefs and am agnostic and i don't 
try to force the dim-witted into believing them. let people decide for 
themselves in an unbiased way. I was a Mormon for 10 years. @OhayoTokyo I feel like Mormonism glorifies women only for being mothers, 
as if they're not capable of anything else. Not cool!!believe it or not there are people that overcome immense obstacles and live 
an honorable, virtuous life without a faith in any god. i am one of those 
people.... and i am an atheist.@paulsbunyans Nobody thinks you guys are freaks, I dont at least. I happen 
to have a lot of friends who are mormon, Its just that i guess most people 
not of your faith see your ways of life as unprogressive. I personally see 
it as anyone has the right to live how ever they want right?@OhayoTokyo The idea is to show we aren't freaks of nature with horns 
growing out of our heads and fifty wives, not really to show how different 
we are. It really is to show how very much alike we are, even though we are 
of a different faith. Trevor the atheist, HI! :D Is this video trying to tell us Mormons contribute to overpopulation.@XDarakuX *high five* Me too!I like your story. When I think of myself too much that's when I'm 
miserable.@OhayoTokyo Remember to use secular humanist as a title, too. Has a more 
persuasive ring, and carries less negative connotations for them.@XDarakuX They're paying for promotion. It pops up on a lot of videos as 
such.@OhayoTokyo you sir ARE AWESOMEI just wanted to watch a video on the video game Mother 3. Why the hell did 
this video pop up as a featured video....Maybe these mormons should also help out the gay teens who are homeless and 
beaten day by day. No that doesn't mean converting them back to being 
straight or taking them to church. They just need to be loved. I could only 
imagine if the world really worked that way. There are people of every religion doing this, it's not only Mormons. My 
mom is a mom of 3 kids, and we're not easy, and she isn't Mormon. I accept 
people of all races, religions, sexual preferences. My name is Sean... and 
I'm a Catholic. *smiles*I don't think these videos were made to show people why the mormon church 
is or isn't true. I think it's a campaign to promote acceptance of mormons. 
Just saying... what.... what do any of these videos have to do with being a mormon? idgaf 
if you adopted a child or played football or landed on the moon, ANYBODY 
can do that, not just mormons. I'm officially annoyed by seeing an "... and 
im a mormon" video on EVERY youtube video i watch.@bebegurl31291 I love their doctrines and principles. Forever families, 
serving one another, keeping your body healthy, preaching about God and 
Jesus Christ. It's all good. Love it!@AndyGaudet LOL, I love being a Mormon! No problems there at all.@CuBANxGoBLiN She was talking about what she does, so naturally she would 
use the words "I" and "me". Listen again and you'll hear her talking about 
God too. What are you doing with your life to show that YOU love God? 
Writing negative and mean things on the Mormon channel? Nice work. Sounds 
like you are really making a difference in the world.@k0k3r91 Anyone CAN help orphans, but most people don't. 1:17 susan anthony @SmallestKitten - Mormon is a nickname for a member of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter Day Saints The LDS Church, with Headquarters in Salt lake 
City, Utah@OhayoTokyo This advertising campaign is not about showing that the LDS 
religion is correct. It is about dispelling the misconceptions about 
members and showing others how diverse the lives of many members can be. If 
you want to learn more about the actual beliefs of Latter Day Saints, there 
are other videos for that and you can always visit mormon.org or lds.org.@OhayoTokyo I don't think this is meant to depict the specifics of the 
Mormon faith, but that Mormons lead lives similar to all other persons. @OhayoTokyo The whole point is not to say that these people are special or 
anything. It is just to show that Mormons are normal everyday people. There 
is misconception everywhere about what Mormons are like, and the point is 
to show they are people just like you and me.@OhayoTokyo @DeathSkwid The whole point is not to say that these people are 
special or anything. It is just to show that Mormons are normal everyday 
people. There is misconception everywhere about what Mormons are like, and 
the point is to show they are people just like you and me.@DeathSkwid The whole point is not to say that these people are special or 
anything. It is just to show that Mormons are normal everyday people. There 
is misconception everywhere about what Mormons are like, and the point is 
to show they are people just like you and me.cool story browhat is a Mormon..? i googled it but i'm still not fully understanding..nice storyI am getting proselyted! I MUST NOT CONVERT. NOOO.@OhayoTokyo As a fellow agnostic and former Mormon, I agree with you. 
Although these videos are great, it doesn't prove anything about the 
truthfulness of the Mormon church. It only shows that Mormons are good 
people just like there are many other good people in other faiths. Helping orphans is good, but anyone can do it, not just mormons. And this 
video seems to make mormons look worse.I was a mormon, and this makes me happy I'm still not. I was depressed 
because I was mormon. I was a "dark eyed, dark haired, little one" AND the 
people wouldn't let me hear the end of it. @PenguInspiration Obviously people care or else they wouldn't watch this 
video (:"Be the change you wish to see in the world." Ghandi Members of this church 
are taught that all people are born with purpose. If being taught that 
inspires them to do great things, then so be it. If you understand that 
positive lessons produce positive outcomes explain how this is a bad video. 
It shows that the lessons this person learned have helped her to become the 
change she wishes to see in this world. She doesn't say she is right and 
everyone else is wrong. Seek knowledge, find compassion.All of the "normal" things expressed in this video are secular by nature.. 
it is NOT exclusive to the Mormon faith. In other words, showing happy, 
smiling, good-hearted "Mormon" individuals IN NO WAY shows that the Mormon 
faith is correct. I'm just hoping the Mormon advertising department 
realizes this. My name is Trevor... and I am an atheist. :D Bet half of the dislikes are from Christians. How can you dislike a 
religion that is no wronger than yours? You're all wrong, as are about 90% 
of the world. There is no god so you are all very, very wrong.@Deioproductions I dont live in america so I dont know this but are mormons 
disrespected in america or something? why?105 people are mormanGod isn't real...now "Christians", catholics, Jews, Muslims, and all other 
monotheistic religions...explain to me how you could even think that God is 
real for one second. Try to explain why i should believe that."Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, 
and those who matter don't mind." — Theodor Seuss Geisel @elpotopeludo lol there are 130 people who are scared of nice people with 
integrity.@elpotopeludo It's mostly because they have different religions and this 
being spammed on the feature a little too much. It's basic psychology. @DeathSkwid dude that's what i'm saying is this like a advertisement for a 
religion? lmaoI really admire this woman.@twenty011 I approve very much of what she's doing with the orphans, but I 
do not approve of her church using her good deeds to sell their own 
product. I can't get behind these videos because they're claiming that good 
people are good because they're LDS, when maybe they're just good people. 
I've met plenty of jerk off Mormons too, but the church doesn't want to own 
up to them. If people are the way they are because of their religion, that 
means all the people, even the less desirable members.I dislike this, not because this woman is doing great things for a lot of 
orphans, but because her church is claiming that they're the reason she 
does them. The LDS Church is using her good deeds to sell their own 
product. I do not approve.how the hell do you go from getting your life naturally changed by kids, 
and orphans...-- to choosing a religion in order to sustain your mental 
weakness???? THE LOVE FOR CHILDREN and getting it back IS ENOUGH TO LIVE 
BY. PEACE HAPPINESS AND LOVE. @DeathSkwid ... it's for the people that think mormons are freaks or a 
cult.. they're actually normal people