Now that is just completely mind boggling I have a newfound respect for 
virtue and for the art in a soul of the children of god. May your life be 
full of joy and success Rose! my uncle is actually an artist but 
unfortunately he suffers from a disorder that puts him on weekly kidney 
dialysis. May god bless our families to accept the everyday struggles so 
that we may learn gratitude and love in the trials and blessings of life. ﻿Family life and career can go together. You just proved it....and the Filipino at heart.This is exactly what I needed to see. I am an amazing wife and that is way 
more important than my career as an artist.I know her!))) Rose is brilliant )She draws and paints really well. Reminds me of my daughter, it seams like 
she was born with a crayon in her hand to. Her drawings are good also.She is an awesome painterTisha, I would suggest going to Mormon.org and learning about Mormonism 
there. You can learn all about Mormon beliefs and values there. There is 
even a place near the bottom of the page where you can type in your address 
and it will tell you where the closest church building is and what time 
they meet each Sunday. She's an amazingly talented artist, seems to be a very likable person, too. 
But I have to confess that I'm not learning anything about the Mormonism as 
a religion from these videos. Was that done on purpose?hats off to you Rose.. from your fellow Filipino LDS... =) I respect and admire your work as a Mother Artist and Mormon, thank you.hats off to you, Rose. As a Mormon mother myself, who is also an artist, I 
admire you and love love LOVE your work. I hope maybe one day I can reach 
the heights you have reached in your artwork. *HUGS!!*my favorite drawing was the Adam and Eve at the Garden of Eden! whoa! definitely an artistic-sounding last name. You are so talented! I also love painting and drawing, but I'm not as good 
as you! It would be a blessing for someone to teach me. your talented, god didnt make you it she looks so youngShe is awesome.she is good' LOVE that painting of Adam and Eve in the garden. Wow..