The great thing about these people are that they aren't asking you to 
become a Mormon - they are describing themselves as normal people, just 
like us, and want to let us know that they aren't ALL creeps. A lot are 
actually great, polite, kind people. The videos are just asking for our 
acceptance and understanding of their religion. You don't have to become 
apart of it, just don't bash it when don't know anything about the Mormon 
community. :) xxBY WATCHING THESE VIDEOS I REALISED THAT MORMONS ARE GOOD BELIEVERS OF 
JESUS CHRIST, BUT IN INDIA WE THOUGHT THAT MORMONS ARE AGAINST CHRIST BUT 
AFTER WATCHING THESE VIDEOS THATS NOT When I was a kid, I would tell people I was a mormon and people's eyes 
would bug out. They couldn't believe it because I was smart and different 
and myself. As if mormons were some sort of cookie cutter versions of each 
other. Being mormon often means being seen in a poor light. Many simply do 
not understand who we are. I love these videos because it shows us as 
people who's faith is intrinsic to who we are in our daily regular lives. No. lol this entire campaign was put together to let people know that 
Mormons are normal people. Before this, there was a study where people 
would go around and ask at random "What is a Mormon" and a lot of people 
confused it for Amish. This was just to raise awareness, to let people know 
that Mormons believe in Christ and not Joseph Smith. Although he is the 
founder, he is not the one Mormons praise but they are grateful for him.just happy family@AirCanada04 they don't LOL.This is to show that mormons re just as normal 
and not some overly modest home schooled weirdoesThis is so inspiring! :D@AirCanada04 we just want you to feel the way we feel and see how great 
life really is, just seeing all of life's miracles due to living the gospel 
is just amazing and wonderfulQuick Question: Why is it that you want me to become mormon?This is a great video I know this chruch is True =]this guy is inspiring! <3 "Comments may be held for uploader approval." Surprise = noneI am so glad this channel, it gives me hope that I will LOVE what I do, and 
do what I LOVE!!! God bless your family. :)Inspirational!!!I know this family....What an inspiration!! Yay for ObGYN!!!That's awesome man! It's nice to see a doctor talking about service and 
being involved with healthcare like that. Really inspiring! :)this is a great video. He is obviously doing something right because his 
countenance is beaming with happiness. 