He reminds me of my uncleWas dying of laughter when he told the story about the kid accidentally 
pulling off his prosthetic leg in karate practice and freaking out all of 
the kids a parents watching. Funny and inspiring.Your video made me cry. I have a titanium rod in my right leg in December 
31, 2004 in Oakland,CA after having a car accident being hit by a car 
riding my 21 speed bike that day and my body flew to the passenger side of 
the windshield. It took me 1.5 yrs to walk again. I am a Martial Artist and 
watching your photo of you kicking made me go into tears. I can now walk 
but a reminder that day since then of my Titanium Rod and it hurts when it 
gets cold. But I think of the past and it mad me strongerTim thank you for sharing your story. God bless you.Tim, thanks for your inspiring testimony. It is good for those who struggle 
with the many things that can make life difficult see that such things can 
be overcome with faith in Christ and in yourself.Bravo and bravo again for your courage. I am so glad that despite your 
ordeal you managed to have a family who loves you and to pursue your dreams 
all the same As for your athletic performance, all the more congratulations 
to you ... Never give upMaybe because you haven't used what you need to listen with. Your heart, 
mind, and spirit.that's what I thought, disable ratings.What a lovely man! Great great Spirit!tim, i SALUTE YOU, thank you for your testimony Im running on empty then...mormons are from marsamazing, and inspirational!Wow this is amazing. I can feel his presence in this. Why do bad things happen to good people like this guy? We might not know 
the answer right now, but we can find peace through faith in Jesus Christ 
and strength to overcome. So good. How blessed, these are the kind of people that inspire me to liveStunning! You give inspiration to us two-legged folk :)Inspirational! Thank you for sharing your struggles and triumphs.I wondered if training to fight is a righteous thing to do. I read The Book 
of Mormon and saw how the Nephites had to defend their families, freedoms 
and religion. And then I read through D&C, Teachings of Smith and Mormon 
Doctrine and read how the saints are justified in defending their families. 
Now I'm happy to train to fight, as long as it's used in the right way. I'm 
glad to have watched this video to see another Mormon in the fighting arts 
plus to see someone rise above the odds :DwowThat is about six kinds of cool! Thanks.So awesome!Love you dad, I'm very proud of you, I can't believe you convinced me to 
run a marathon with you!!!More Power to you because it is that When We are weak.....we are truly 
Strong.