Ss inspiring to adopt, not only another child but one so blessed he does 
not need to be tested. Such compassion is admirable. What a strong, sweet 
sprit!﻿yep506 people are missing the point of these videosActually the point of the video was to show people that Mormon people and 
families are normal like the rest of us. Because in the U.S and other 
countries people see Mormons as abnormal, cult followers etc. Hope that 
clears up your misconceptionAnd so can you be, Ron. Your life can be changed eternally, if you search 
and persue truth.She is very lucky, she has everything!That's exactly the point. The point is to prove against the hate that Mormons get - they're no 
different than you nor I.I always feel like clicking on this because in the thumbnail the lady looks 
like the girl from the office. I have the same question. She's undoubtedly an amazing person so why hate? I love how compassionate she is, May God protect her!She looks so happy.mormon or not that woman is amazing and really hard to understandSo mormons are people just like everybody else? Who would've known?why does this have so many dislikes???I love you for taking in another boy under your wing with a disability 
there is very few ppl like you left and i as well have a 2 boys with needs 
i have my oldest with ADHD and youngest with Autism What a special person you are. You obviously have a lot of love and 
compassion for others. I wish I could be more like you. Thanks again for 
sharing this special part of your life.That video above everything shows that Mormons are totally normal, caring, 
loving people. There is more to religion than just going to church. :)it shows she is a caring person who has many struggles like the rest of us 
and she is able to get through this with her faith in the gospel of Jesus 
Christ. it has everything to do with the fact that she is mormon. religion isn't 
just going to some church building on sundays or trying to teach people 
about the bible. its about what kind of person you are and what you do with 
your life. and that's what being mormon is all about. trying your hardest 
to be as good a person you can. you can't hate someone for that. even if 
you disagree with most of their doctrine. I appreciate them for being good people and adopting disabled children but 
how did this get 2 million hits I just came back from efy AMAZING experience! I loved every thing about it 
(except leaving lol) and while i was there i found out that We had that 
specific group and counslers for a reason, and that efy had specific things 
that applied to each of the people there.its just saying that mormon's are regular people. like so many dont 
understand were not trying to convert anyone.We believe in Jesus Christ and in his atonement and in His Resurrection. We 
also believe in the restoration of the holy priesthood on the earth as well 
as prophets, seers, and revalators. I hope this helped. :)Why the hate?Is this Sarah Palin?a magical book, just like every single religion lolIm soooo confused. what is the mormon religion exactly? like what do they 
believe in?It's talking about how she is just like another person, but she is also 
Mormon. ... and no one cares.Yeah being a Christian, believers in Jesus Christ our Savior, that's what 
this life is all about. Christians of all faiths! if you were educated you would know that Mormons and Catholics are both 
Christians. Because he is passionate about his belief, I would be too. I'm quite 
passionate as a catholic and he must be like me but a mormon lol. This 
video gets a like from me ;)I do Why are people disliking this? What's wrong with everyone? Am I missing 
something?I'm not a Mormon, but I have been to that area of Texas before (to visit an 
old friend.) I must admit, it is rather lovely. :3great question. ultimately it's the spirit of the Lord that abides in our 
hearts and gives us hope for a better world because of our Savior Jesus 
Christ. he has it censored now =DThat's a great question, MissJeanette69. The secret is... the Gospel of 
Jesus Christ. By living the gospel, by following our Savior's example, God 
promises us happiness in this life and the eternities. I know of two young 
men (or women) who would love to share with you how the gospel can provide 
this happiness in your life. They're the full-time missionaries for our 
church. Let me know if you'd like to talk with them.It's because they have something in their life that's greater then this 
world. To find out more, I suggest you look up Mormon.org. Everyone 
deserves that happiness. You do too. :)Yes, but almost 3,000 likes... ;)And I'm an athiest.but he disables them on tons of other videos.As an agnostic, I see no difference between a Mormon, a Christian, and a 
Catholic. Im Mike G..I have black hair, im from Arizona, and im Catholic.@AGuyInAG The point of these videos is to show people that the LDS faith is 
not some cult , and its to show that we are in fact normal people . morman or not this is the nicest thing ive ever seen, who cares. Its 
amazing that she adopted another mentally challenged child, shes an awesome 
person morman regardless I'm Peter. I am from a middling income, have a sense of humor, like to 
scale walls.. and I'm a Spider-Man.Oh course a Mormon needs 4 kids those kids go to my school @AGuyInAG And I think that is the point. It is to show that Mormons are 
normal people too. Many think Mormons are weird and live their lives 
totally different from others. i'm sorry, but religion doesn't need ads. Also, this ad has nothing to do 
with religion.The purpose of these videos is not to spread information about the church 
itself, but rather to show everyone that we're not crazy weirdos. Sure, 
some Mormons may be weird, but then there's a lot of weird people who 
aren't Mormon as well.@AGuyInAG but that's exactly the point... dispel notions that mormons are 
anything other than what you just described. because for a lot of people 
the term mormon carries a negative connotation to it. do mormons like AC/DC? cause if they dont...@AGuyInAG You don't have to be mormon to be a great person but being mormon 
creates great people because of the lifestlye, the values and morals and 
the teachings of the church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints:)I love her perspective. Thanks for sharing.I'm sorry, but I don't like these videos. It's stupid because even though 
the life story is good, and you can tell they're great people, it has 
nothing to do with whether they're Mormon or not. This video has nothing to do with the fact that she is mormon.It's funny to see so many "Christians" hating on this. Classic. @LiveGamingGuys Are you implying Mormons aren't? @xcoleaaax Speak good English much? Haha but seriously, your making us look 
bad! ;) I do agree with you though, people do need to bring down their 
biases and realize we are just normal people.I am shocked on how much people feel so insecure about church and such that 
when they see this they have to instantly vote thumbs down. And not only 
that hate on anyone standing up to them. Get it together... Land of the 
free.Christains FTW! No Troll Intended...Howcome this got a lot of dislikes? People, i think our church is posting 
stuffs like these is because we're always get mocked and just to show you 
guys that we're all the same. We're not cult and that's it. Thank you for 
reading this@TheJustinjz What is surprising is that they approved your comment. lol@CompanionCrate Everyone, every religion, every race hates. The hate will 
never stop. I'm Tiger, and I mark my territory...Pfft...Also I would like to point out that the LDS church should stray away from 
blocking or having "comment pending Approval," it shows that you guys can't 
have any other opinions, and takes away from expressing ones beliefs. .....And im a Christian.I know exactly what she means by being around kids with special needs. They 
are seriously the best people to be around. My friend's little brother has 
down syndrome and he is the sweetest boy. I worked with a lady who had a 
mental disability, she was a brilliant dancer and was so kind to everyone. 
Good job Rochelle!!! :D@IndigoVagrant hahahahaha. I can't even believe people as hateful as you 
still exist.. I was certainly hoping that all our human advancements had 
gotten rid of people like you. Apparently not. With at least 4 billion 
adherents to Abrahamic religions in the world, you've got a lot of people 
against you. Maybe they are violent and closed minded. But so are you dude. 
Just read that comment one more time, from a different perspectiveI am going to HELL for laughing.@evanjmoss You made my day!! You truly got the point of this video! It 
isn't marketing or trying to push our religion onto other people. It is 
just to show that we are no different as human beings than other people!@picturasonus There are many people out there who have wrong beliefs about 
Mormons, and some people have even been known to say that they have horns. 
I think the point of this channel is to spread to the world that while our 
views on religion may be different than others, as human beings, we are 
normal people who live normal lives. Thank you for being so polite and not 
trolling! I'm a Mormon and I was honestly scared to look at the comments. 
But you made my day!@AustinMartinLay Not all Native Americans, though we do believe there was a 
group from Jerusalem that came to the Americas way back and settled and 
they were from one of the tribes. To be honest, I'm not too sure, and I 
don't wanna make it seem like I'm 'advertising' but you're best bet is to 
go to lds (dot) org and see@CompanionCrate sounds like you have a lot in common...What can help someone believe in Christ's Love better than the true love of 
a mother to a special needs child? why are all the mormon moms they put on these Milfs!@evanjmoss I guess it's because her religion isn't the focus of the video 
and mentioning it plays off all of the hardships she's been through as an 
advertisement. She's a good person, who cares if she's a Mormon.@CompanionCrate atheists are rEaL????Who would dislike this video? Being an non-Mormon doesn't mean you should 
automatically dislike Mormon people; that's totally absurd. This woman is 
doing a great thing. I'm an atheist.@babybeAsta877 ahahahahahhahahahahahah. @PicturaSonus So that people don't stereotype @SahiraGJ dont try to push your beliefs onto others.and im a doormanSo I'm not here to hate. I really just don't understand what the point of 
this channel is.Idk about this Mormon stuff but what is wrong with using youtube to spread 
the word of God? I feel like if this video was just about how she was the 
mother of special needs kids and hadnt mentioned the Mormon part it would 
have a considerable amount of likes. People grow up.A redhead Texan? How's this supposed to make me a Mormon? I'mma stick with 
Orthodox.RELIGION IS CORRUPT. IF LYING IS A SIN WHY DOES THE BIBLE LIE? IF ONE 
PERSON HAS AN IMAGINARY FRIEND THEY ARE CRAZY, BUT IF A WHOLE BUNCH OF 
PEOPLE HAVE THE SAME IMAGINARY FRIEND ITS A RELIGION?????these are ridiculous. i am a christian, i don't care that they're mormons, 
i believe in god too, it's just so STUPID how they act like they're better 
than others in these videos because they're mormons. you can do everything 
she does and be athiest, or buddhist, it doesn't matter. i hate how they 
portray mormons.wait so can any one of any other religion do these things? hahahah@SahiraGJ Oh you guys are great people definitely, but see from our 
perspective. Most of us are Christians and Catholics. Some are atheist. But 
just know we don't dislike Mormons as people but the belief system you guys 
have. Yours beliefs and ours beliefs differ completely and having this 
whole "I am a Mormon" video does show you guys are nice people, but it 
honestly serves no purpose.@CompanionCrate Atheists aren't advertising atheism!I have to give it to the guy(?) who runs this channel, over 7000 dislikes 
(well over half of the votes) and tons of mean comments, yet he dosn't 
disable comments or voting. Kudos guy, kudos.@SahiraGJ I dislike this because it starts out like some promotion for 
helping kids with needs and then all of a sudden it's BAM!! actually about 
Mormonism. I think it's that Shyamalanesque twist that gets under some 
people's skin.I live in a town full of Mormons and the things they say about their church 
really make me mad. They have a lot of different beliefs than me ( 
catholic). The thing I hate the most is all of them try to get me to join 
the mormon church, even my friends@SahiraGJ Yes but why does your religion feel the need to cherry-pick 
mormon families and then post it on youtubeThe purpose of these videos is to clear some of the stereotypes that exist 
concerning Mormons. Why are people being so hateful? This video was done 
with the best of intentions. It's not meant to convert you- people 
shouldn't take offense to anything said. It's like people are taking any 
fault they can find from this video and reading too far into it. Please, 
calm down and see what this woman is doing. She has two children with 
disabilities. I think she deserves a little credit.hehehe