Super cool video. Thanks for sharing. ﻿Awesome girl, Love the Meet the Mormons movie where I first saw her, thanks 
for sharing your wonderful talent!﻿Great job on "Meet the Mormons!"  I totally recognized you from this video 
:)﻿Ha she is great I should go see here sometime!﻿Aww! I wanted to 'Like' this video :(! Well, just know that I LOVE this, 
love it!This is soo cool. Life is good.A true sister of God. I would love to hear you perform!She didn't even point out that she doesn't use profanity! She just pointed 
out that she is PC and is trying to have woman friendly comedy. So great. I can just name my children after things in my purse! LOL really funny! I served my mission in NYC -- ah, this takes me backShe's a natural. I can see her on stage. She just needs a little more of 
the New York experience. She's still kinda young.I glad I came across the Comedian I'll be looking out for her work now, as 
JL Pigeon has said.... J L Pigeon ......you make me laugh :) as he said it 
a tough one but even tougher being a women comedian. my Hero comedian are 
Danny Kay, Norman Wisdom, maybe this lass will join my list. At no time did she "bash" or criticize anyone. All she did was point out 
that she doesn't use profanity in her comedy. She did not criticize those 
who do.I love this. Be your TRUE self! No one knows who you are better than God! 
Following His truth opens the door to who you really are and you can be 
lots of great things while living His standards. I am a member of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I am a Mormon and I am 
becoming the true me!Fantastic! Prove that even if You Are a Mormon, you can make it anywhere 
even in NYC as a comedian.It's wonderful to be true to yourself!!I wish there were more clean type of comedy. I like to laugh and have a 
good time with others. Bur vulgar comdy turns me off and so I don't go any 
more.Hi Jenna- I think you're rad...and funy too! =) Beauty and spirituality together?! How is that possible!!"I respect other artists, I feel like it's unnecessary for me to use 
language that might make others feel uncomfortable" doesn't sound like 
bashing to meHer type of comedy definitely is refreshing. But I dont think we should 
bash other comedians because they dont share our sense of humor and tact. 
It takes all types to make the world go round! She a Brave girl... In New York City, in standup comedy and a Mormon at 
that.thanks Jenna , good video!! ...,,I was wondering how a Mormon would make it 
in comedy.....glad to see your working in this areaShe is the nicest girl I have ever seen.definitely inspiring to know u can still have a career in television or 
radio or in front of a crowd or whatever the case and you do not need to 
use sex to sell!!!Cute and funny! Unlike previous videos,this one inspires me. Nice someone 
is still able to make clean humor. That attitude is quite profound!She's funny and cute!! Aww i love thisyeah, that's for sure!It's nice that there are still artists putting out clean comedy. I interact with people on a regular basis who are basically "profanity 
police" for the wrong reasons, so I can't tell you how refreshing it is to 
see someone rejecting obscenities in her speech in effort to make her art 
as genuine as possible. That is cool on so many levels. Keep on tranglin' 
Jenna.Hey I think they explain that a bit more in their mormon.org profiles I love comedy, I am so happy to know that there are people who love clean 
comedyforever strong is an awesome movie! had one of the team members come out to 
our youth conference in orlando fl and we watched it and he gave a talki love it!!!!! so true!Love it! Dirty comedy gets easy laughs. Clean comedy takes real 
intelligence. Thanks for sticking to your values!Love that she is so committed to her beliefs! You can still pursue your 
dreams in a way that is uplifting and not crude. Thank you for the example, 
Jenna! I love clean comedy! I'm so glad there's people out there willing to stick 
up for their morals, even in something like comedy that has become largely 
corrupt with just the dirty jokes. Yay for Mormons. I am so impressed that Jenna has continued forward with her talent, not 
giving into the "standard" crude comedy in order to succeed. When can we 
see her in Toledo Ohio or Detroit Michigan?I think the point is that they don't want to hit you to hard over the head 
with it and prove that Mormons are normal. They're also trying to lead you 
to mormon.org, which explains Mormon beliefs and goes into more detail 
about how normal mormons live their lives.I love comedy. Next time I am in New York I am looking up Jenna Kim Jones. 
What a refreshing idea to have good laughter without worrying about what 
smut might show up.Great example :)I love NEW YORK! Just got back from my mission there. Thanks for living the 
dream and making this sweet video. So many awesome memories!Hope she does a show for us in Arizona! Way to stand up for your morals!Way to go by stepping out and being a good example.I feel hesitant to share anything. But I'll try anything once. I love mormonsI like this girl's take. Its always so awkward when your watching a comedy 
on youtube or something and you have to say " oh sorry guys" because the 
comedians relies on body functions again to squeeze out a laugh. Its like, 
what am I paying you for? cheap bathroom jokes? I can get that in school 
hallways every day of my life!She's a wonderful example of how being in a job where it can get crude, it 
doesn't have to be. And you have to be the person to stand up for what you 
believe in.Uhm, can I say beautiful without offending my potential girlfriend and get 
respect from her?Comedy would be a dream job--I'd prefer a rural town like in Many Farms AZ, 
but I guess that's why I haven't hit it big yet. I would be so happy to watch her! So hard to find clean comedians. :) Props to this chick! Fantastic. I love comedians that strive to remain 
clean in language and jokes. Definitely hard to do so, but she will be 
blessed by doing so. I'm a Mormon, Snowboarder, and preparing missionary.When I was a teenager, I use to listen to Bill Cosby routines before I went 
to bed. As an adult, I went to a couple of comedy shows with my wife; we 
stopped going because of the offensive language. I would love to see a 
Jenna Kim Jones show!Someone told me that Mormons can't be comedians because their humor is too 
clean. But I'll show them!Clean comedy. I love it!Respect.