1000 thumbs up Dr.I'm a museum. I take it after my gramps."Everyone who is seriously involved in the pursuit of science becomes 
convinced that a spirit is manifest in the laws of the universe, one that 
is vastly superior to that of man" - Albert Einstein. I'm with this guy!Mormon Norman or Norman the Mormon ? LOLScience is how God does his thingsMormons are great people. these videos are just trying to show that many 
people of different cultures and backgrounds are Mormon. they're not trying 
to advertise anything. just trying to show that mormons are like any other 
people. getting rid of all these stereotypes..."They are latter day saints!" "They help all they can! They see their 
friends through times of Joy and sorrow" Musical Book of mormonLmao Norman the MormonGREAT video. I am not really religious but I really like the way he loves 
music and respects other religions. I find his blending of science and 
religion interesting and RESPECT his views. I become happier when I see all the thumbs down a video like this gets. 
This is a blatant commercialization of a person's faith, which says nothing 
about the faith itself, nor does it actually explain how he thinks this 
faith give him the life he has. It just a smiling face that says, 'Buy my 
religion and become just as happy, Guaranteed!' No ones buying it, as 
evidenced by all the thumbs down.Wait.... He is a scientist and a mormon? Religion is the opposite of 
science in many ways.... I didn't know the mormons allowed scientific fact 
into their religion.Interesting.I'm an atheist. I think Mormonism is as bunk-filled as the beliefs of any 
religion. However, in my experience Mormons are some of the nicest people 
around. In fact it's just about the only cultural generalization I'm 
willing to make - Mormons are incredibly nice. Their beliefs might be 
crazy, but I'd rather have a bunch of Mormons living next door to me than 
just about anybody else.Hi!, my name is Julian and I'm a musician/agnostic... and I'm not going to 
put a video on youtube saying a fact that only concerns my personal life in 
order to show how "Norman" I am...norman the mormon@BaXeD22 How?Awesome dude!!@BaXeD22 It's not that scary actually. Being Mormon doesn't interfere with 
anyone's lessons any more than being of any faith. Being of faith doesn't 
interfere with believing or understanding or advancing science.I knew the Tolk family when we lived in New Jersey before they moved to TN. 
They were one of the kindest, friendliest, nicest families I've ever met. 
Both Norman and his wife, Marilyn, are first rate people, the kind you'd 
love to have as neighbors and be privileged to call friends. Their amazing 
love for others is a true example of Christian charity and human awareness. 
And I believe some of that is due to the influence of their faith as he 
states.Thumbs up if your Christian!@thedragonb0y You know, I'm sure that any Mormon who reads your comment 
smiles afterward. Because they strive to help people to use their own 
curiosity to find answers, just like a scientist does. Whether or not you 
agree with any religion is up to you, but they want you to make the effort 
to figure it out.@happyjoy16789 Mormonism is all about acceptance. :)@superfreckles100 The fact they are shoving these videos on the promoted 
video where they pan handle their religion like some kind of grifters is 
shoving it down the throat of others. This isnt a documentary, this isnt a 
life story, this is an advertisement. And everyone hates advertisements. 
Thats why people keep hating on it. No one cares if Mormons exist, we care 
if they are forced into our face. Do it with any religion, no one will like 
it.@FreakyKing2 For the same reason that you aren't going to go away because 
of your own dislike bar...@CatsonFireBrb It's because of stupid people like you thinking that were 
some sort of alienated religion that believe in messed up things. These 
videos are trying to show that us Mormons are normal people in society 
because people like you think that we're a bunch of crazy people. Who's the 
crazy person here?Good luck trying to convert people through Youtube videos.....Why so many argue that faith is not compatible with science: science is a 
system of discovering reality without relying on guesses with no proper 
reasoning. One can actually do both, but one can't be willing and able to 
apply their skeptical-until-a-reason-is-given scientific reasoning to 
religion and actually still be a theist. You have to be the kind of person 
who understands why science works the way it works and how it limits faulty 
conclusions, but still decide to make one.so Norman is a Mormon...... cool cool cool cool cool cool cool coolAnyone who can stand up and tell everyone who they are and what they 
believe in without being ashamed of anything are people worth looking up to.This is so very sad... I'll be praying for him. Yeshua/ Jesus said, "Many 
will say to Me on that day, 'Lord, Lord, did we not prophecy in Your name, 
and in Your name cast out demons, and in Your name perform many miracles?' 
And then I will declare to them, 'I never knew you; depart from Me, you who 
practice lawlessness'" (Matthew 7:22-23).i am X i am Y i am a mormon ,..... what the hell is that has to do with any 
thing Norman the Mormon.i used to think mormons were the most judgemental people existing, but i 
guess atheists won first place reading these comments1:11 I thought he was going to say "it's something that cuts through human 
flesh without leaving collateral damage" I just cant stop thinking about 
that laser!cool story bro..... tell it againMormon's toke? It's scary that a college-level physics professor could be a mormon...i'm 
not hating on religion, but i would think this would interfere with his 
lessonsEveryone is entitled to their opinion, so let me share mine. These videos 
are made to show the public that mormons are normal people like you and me. 
At no point did I feel this man was trying to shove religion down my 
throat. It is perfectly fine if his religion helps him succeed in life, and 
I am proud of him for sharing his message. People, just have some respect 
and let the man share what he has to say.Go to my wall and Check out my music! Much more entertaining than this Why are they still airing these videos. They should pay attention to their 
dislike bars.LMFAO! I have been calling normal Morons "Normons" for a while! And his 
name is Norman! They are spelled slightly different, though, but they are 
pronounced the same. Norman is a Normon!i guess the only thing i like about this guy is the part where he talks 
about his community sing-in and letting other religions in...wow, They almost make them seem human. lol "magic". How do u discover magic 
when ist not real? everyone stop watching there videos. Dear mormans, I don't think you are crazy because you are morman, I think 
you are crazy because you believe in a god.the point of these videos isn't that you must be a Mormon to be a 
physicists, just introducing a typical selection of members of the LDS 
faith. There have been a lot, A LOT of misnomers about Mormons, I have met 
several people who thought that Mormons were Amish; this is a way for the 
world to learn about us, who we are. A hello, nice to meet you, here's a 
bit about me...@TimSenters no you are notand i'm a straight up thug dawg...His name is norman and he is a morman. norman the morman....And no one cares! Nice lightsaber by the way..."Norman the mormon." Still my favorite quote ever.how come this video is at the top of my video list every day?My dearest brethren, what a fantastic taleSo he thinks a god gave him abilities that other folks don't have. Right......And I'm a Atheist, so stop offering these videos in my recommended 
videos. Thank you. -_-'Any physicist that says "magic" about lasers is not that smart to me...what a random video!! 0:24 Irony...?imagine what it would be like if Jews made these commercials.. Yeah, I was 
born with more money than your entire extended family will die with because 
we save money and don't spend it a lot and I'm a Jew.."if you want to have a cool job you enjoy you must be a mormon, never mind 
hard work and dedication." XDI'm so glad I'm going to hell. Every time I do a music search your asinine video,' why i'm a mormon' 
appears at the top of the list. Who gives a rotten fig about YOUR religion 
anyway? I got my own, Jack, you can keep yours. Get the aych ee double 
hockey sticks off my youtube!!!!!!! (I don't even listen to the Osmonds for 
Pete's sake!!)@Amylovessadie No, this entire campaign is trying to make the general 
public perceive Mormons as "normal", since they have kind of a bad rap. I 
think that's fine. But on a more conspiratorial note, I wonder if all of 
this has anything to do with Mitt Romney running for president...lol mormons need to promote their religion on youtube. @Sasudela than what's the point in advertising the mormon faith through 
this video? seems very pointless.I want to give a shout out to the channel moderator that allows so many of 
these comments to be posted. Antagonists take note, that whether or not 
your comment is intelligent or respectful, the person that filters the 
comments values your freedom of speech, and will only delete your post if 
it is vulgar or profane. Thanks, mormon.Real good video. I have a high regard for CJC LDS, Mormon Religion. We are 
both real good Christians, dedication to Science, especially Physics, and 
with an appreciation for music.----- Now, view my TRUE Facts, and then 
answer one or two questions: (1) "I should obtain reasonable Honors and 
Compensation per our US Constitution, correct!?" (2) "If you say "No"; why 
not? ----- "Greatest Video Ever" on YouTube, at: 
youtube.com/watch?v=RJR3azgge_Ythats one CRAZY mormonMy Name Is Paige.... And I Am Church of Christ. <3 the dislike/like bar looks like a light saber! but in a bad way hahaI just want to know more about that laserwhat?@Sasudela LOL Mormons are like everyone else. Not sure what you're getting 
at. Either your dense or have no clue. See i'm seeing a few things from this video. 1. the youtube community has 
the religious tolerance of Feudal Europe. 2 that the mormons are trying 
very hard to promote tolerance for their beliefs. 3. they are going about 
it in a very strange and probably ineffective waymormon, allow the people to comment freely please, or get off youtube. @Sasudela But do they need to prove that Mormons are normal people?religion is a waste of time and money and brain cells....Stormin' Mormon Mormon Freeman Captain Morman's Spice Rum Mormon digivolve 
into Norman Okay I'm out My stuff, your stuff, their stuff. Your mormon and that's your stuff. Your 
stuff against their stuff against my stuff that's also against their stuff 
that's also against my stuff...........whatever man we all have to live in 
this world that we create with crappy dogmatic stuff. I want us all to live 
happy.@Sasudela that's not what they're trying to convey. Really it's more like 
"If you're mormon, you'll be successful and do cool stuff"...@ianislavus I believe it the fact that most people wont get into a religon 
for they think that it will be boring. However, doing "cool things" is a 
way to show that people stilll have fun with being in religon.I don't believe in god, but I'm happy for people to believe in what they 
want. I hate vids like this, though, that infer that all physicists believe 
as this guy does. The science of physics is, for the most part, removed 
from god. Personally, I believe that physics will one day prove that there 
is no god of the torah/bible/koran, and I look forward to that day. 
Rationalism without god is our best hope as a human race.thumbs up if u got here from LMFAO - Sexy and u no it lol...So many people thinking religion and science are somehow mutually 
incompatible. Plenty of physicists are religious. In fact, at the start of 
Zukav's "The Dancing Wu Li Masters" talks about a meeting of physicists 
where they discussed the possibility they might disprove the existence of 
God, and how none of them wanted that to happen. They were actually worried 
about it. So no, the two are not mutually exclusive of each other.@Santoss24 HAHAHAHAHAH-...and I am NOT a Mormon.... cool story bro@anetchi Woah! I thought the entire point of quantum physics is that 
nothing is reality. In fact, the more we learn about science, the more we 
learn that it is more and more like magic. With such things such as "spooky 
action" otherwise known as quantum entanglement. So in all honesty, an 
opinion of a single person does not differentiate right from wrong, magic 
from reality. Not to mention that the more we learn, we find that the bible 
to be more true, such as the order of the universe's forming@hakaangh1106 All the dislikes are from haters.And I'm a Satanist :D@FutureFrontLA well when churches dont have to pay taxes, there is allot of 
disposable income.Comment Pending Approval, here we go again! control much?@ianislavus i cant believe they posted your comment.I love how many people leave negative comments and how they think posting 
vids like this is shoving mormonisim in their face.....Now what Mormon is 
standing behind you holding a gun to your head saying they will blow your 
head off If you don't click on the link to watch the I'm a Mormon vid? 
.........Really none? I didn't think so.LOL!whats the point of these mormon videos..I love that Mormons are stealing the Gay Rights Campaign. "I'm a normal 
person and I'm also _______." Ohbytheway, their church was the biggest 
donor to Prop. 8 in CA that specifically stated that same-sex couples can't 
marry. If you steal a campaign from a group of people while simultaneously 
working to limit their civil rights, it seems a little hypocritical, no? 
Gay people invented this trend of "hey, they are just like us!" years ago. 
Goes to show, Mormons are behind the times. And thieves.@Sasudela Who says they aren't, exactly?being in a church dosen't mean your christian, as much as standing in a 
garage makes you a car@ianislavus this is trying to get rid of the negative stereotypes like 
theyre pligymists and racists and hate gays. and that theyre not all weird 
cuz i know mormons and theyre normal. convince? like to convert? nowhere in 
this video is it trying to proselyte nor convert anyoneI like that Norman volunteered to share part of his life and faith with the 
world. It would be nice if more people shared their passion for life. There 
is no need to criticize this man or his religion for trying to help others 
see the good in the world.mormons are going to use lazers to destroy all other churches. 