After playing rugby for USAFA, I love just about everything about the 
sport. Coach Gelwix knows that with God, you can do anything - only better!I love the movie Forever Strong - one of my fav movies ever!!!i was at his last game so heart warming i just loved itCongrats on your talk. where are you?any faith with strong morals is better than noneOne of my favorite Mormon videos. I love the line, "building championship 
boys" comes first before winning. I also love that you inspire the boys to 
be the best at THEIR faith. Thank you!go all blacksHe is the mission president for where I live. He watched me give my first 
talk last sunday. love that guy. Great story! We need more coaches who care about their players like this.and that is a real sport! "Building championship boys before building championship teams" As followers of Christ, the real symbol of our faith is how we live our 
lives. These videos show how we are striving to live in such a way that 
others will want to know Christ because they know us.seriously why would you dislike this??? this man is amazing and a wonderful 
example for everyone!!Had the BYU Rugby team come to our school. (We know the coach) and let me 
say, Rugby is an awesome sport. And yes, I'm a girl. ;)Coach taught our team 35-36 years ago valuable life lessons in Rugby. When 
knocked down whether broken or bloody, its not how we got into the 
circumstance that mattered, but our responses in overcoming it in the game 
that mattered. We were not just boys on a team, but future Men. Growing 
boys to become men with the sport of Rugby. To become the best we could on 
the field of life. Over the years successes and failures each of us has 
had. Larry taught us to try live our best and with no regrets.@KBone44 I would never buy a product simply based on add. However, if the 
product on the add was intriguing I would do more research and determine if 
it was something I really wanted. Its the sample principle with these 
videos. lololol, u guys jealy? Larry Gelwix is the mission president of our area, 
thought the only thing is that i missed out on all his talks so far for us 
youth, 2 talks, missed both, i'm sad that i couldn't hear him bear his 
testimony so yah, now i know how he looks like :D@KBone44 obviously not, the intentions of these videos are not to convert 
people, there are a lot of rumors and misconceptions about the LDS faith, 
these videos are to clear up any of those rumorsi dont get it... do they really PAY for these videos to keep popping up on 
the side bar saying "sponsered video"? what a waste. no one would ever 
convert to mormonism strictly by seeing these "i am a mormon" videosWhat an inspiration! We need more coaches and leaders like Larry Gelwix. Would of loved to had larry coach me @miturbinesdurti What about Ron Paul? He thinks that everyone should be 
able to do what they want, and that the government shouldn't interfere with 
your rights. Great video. If you haven't seen the feature film about Coach Gelwix and 
his team you need to rent Forever Strong--great sports film, very inspiring!I loved the movie Forever Strong, but the real man is even more inspiring. 
Thanks for your example, Coach. this has nothing to do with Mormonism. wow really should be more comments............. bad a record great man Yeah, go Larry! He was one of my favorite sunday school teachers. :)president gelwix is my (*the*) mission president in fresno, ca now! awesome 
and truly inspirational person.Phenomenal video Coach."We're a team with Christian values, but a non-denominational team" The 
same can be said about America. We are a nation of Christian values, but a 
non-denominational nation. This is why anybody that cries about "seperation 
of church and state" is wrong. We need a president that won't claim "we are 
not a Christian nation". We are a Christian nation, but free to be who we 
please. We need a president with values. We need Mitt Romney.What an amazing man and what a Legacy he has left with those young men!