Thanks for doing this, super helpful and inspiring﻿Family is the purpose and meaning of life and for that I am grateful for 
this video I also love snowboarding and I believe that the one without the 
other could not create happiness any other way! ﻿Enjoyed your video!It can be so easy to leave your family behind in pursuit of a big career. I 
am a musician, and that kind of lifestyle can easily pull you away from 
family responsibilities. Jeremy, you have come to realize as I have that 
you need to have time to be home with your family. That family time should 
always take precedence over career opportunities. Excellent video!Yes, there are Mormons in any/every type of situation.We are Mormons and My 
husband has been a 'victim' of the economy and has been laid off a few 
times and been underemployed for a few years. But It's not the success, or 
the struggling that counts. We don't care that we're poor (well I guess we 
care a little)- we have each other and our faith and that is infinitely 
more important than money or a successful career.:) AwesomeLove this message. inspirational video, Jeremy!That's awesome.Legit question. Legit Answer: Most certainly. But its the personal 
connection with our Savior and our Heavenly Father that gets each of us 
through our personal trails. Please take a look for yourself. Give it a 
shot. We welcome you. :)glad to know im not the only one who not to fond of the shirt and tieJones! You're the man! I actually had a poster of you hanging in my 
apartment while serving my mission back in 2001. Keep up the good work!Yes, plenty, I being one of them.Thanks for sharing your story!! We like your house :)To answer your question - I'm a Mormon, a stay at home mother to a 3yr old 
and 18mo twins. We are considered to be in the low-income level for our 
family size and location. My husband is taking a new job so he can move up 
faster, but this job comes with a pay cut so things will be even tighter. 
We own 1 car and live far out of town so there is no public transportation. 
We have no TV, cell phones and buy everything second hand. But we are 
happy!!rohag23, in answer to your question -- assuming that your question is 
serious and not a gag (as the answer seems rather obvious): All mormons 
are... individuals, from all walks of life and with all kinds of issues, 
problems and successes. These "I'm a mormon" videos tend toward those that 
we'd like to emulate in some way. But again, yes, there are rich mormons 
and poor mormons, healthy and sick. We mormons try to make our 
circumstances better like any people. Hope that answers your Q.Are all Mormons successful? Are there Mormons that are poor and have a hard 
time to make ends meet? Legitimate question. Will you answer or disapprove? Jeremy is the person who inspired me to go out and try new things on a 
snowboard. When I watch his video parts they always give me great ideas. I 
don't think there is another person on earth who has watched his videos as 
many times as I have. His parts in all the MD movies are legendary and will 
never be forgotten. I think what I like about him the most is it seems he 
does not care about what people think of him and he seems to be a great 
father and family man. Thanks for the inspiration Jeremy.The second snowboard I bought was the Jeremy Jones pro-model. I later 
learned that the graphic was Samuel the Lamanite. It's cool to know that 
he's not ashamed to be a member.We obey all the laws of the land. Even the traffic laws. Growing up, I knew JJ was a Mormon. TBH he was kind of a hero for our 
friends. This is by far the coolest video yet. I had no idea JJ was. I'm glad there 
are legit cool people in the church. Way to represent!BOOK OF MORMONUnfortunately there are some very ignorant people or those that have never 
met a mormon.xD haha His board smells like pizza. Go Mormons! Woot!Oh my gosh! this is awesome!dude is dopeThere are a lot of people that I run into that think that the only mormons 
are the ones with white shirts and bike helmets going down the street. 
Thats ridiculous, but it's true. These videos can help that.Um.... no one thinks that? The problem is that the creators of these videos 
take internet trolls and mormon jokes seriously. btw, to address the 
"mormon jokes" thing, I mean the standard 12-14 yr. old immature race, 
religion, sex jokes, or real-life trolls. No one thinks mormons are demons.Beawesome = beyond awesomeExcellent, You're a mad man Jeremy, way cool.agreed!!I love seeing how many great marriages there are in the world, couples who 
love each other and are deeply committed and happy. I too am a very happily 
married person and it seems that so much of what you see in the media 
portrays marriage as stifling and, to be blunt, miserable! It is possible 
to have that same love and excitement one has on their wedding day, 
sustained throughout all of eternity.jeremy you were sick in the art of flight! It is a public relation thing. Lots of people think Mormons are demons or 
Amish, or any number of other things. So these are just to let people know 
that we are people like everyone else.love it@rancidglass Haters gonna hate. Its true everywhere. I love this video too.maybe instead of degrading these videos just be positive towards your own 
beliefs and quit tearing down the beliefs of others...What a frigging stud. To all the negative posters that "don't care" glad 
you cared enough to stop in and write comment. Have a nice day!I think the "my name is so and so and I'm a mormon" thing is a little weird 
if you're saying it's because mormons are people too... I know mormons are 
people. Some of my best friends are mormon, and I have only seen one mormon 
who doesn't seem to show respect to others and seem to want to live a good 
life. That is Mitt Romney :)@jamesheindl It's not trying to promote that you'll be happier if you 
become LDS.. It's trying to say that LDS members are people, too. People 
are always giving them a bad reputation and hard time for their beliefs, 
when their just like everyone else.I enjoyed seeing how happy this man was with his family! Even with an 
awesome job he would rather be with them than doing anything else! 
Wonderful story!Great spotlight. I think I was about 15 the first time I met Jeremy, I was 
in complete shock by how cool and nice he was. It's great to know there are 
great guys like this out there. Cool storyDude is such a positive example. Thanks Jeremy. I wish there was a 'Love' button BOSS!!!!!!!!oh yeah. Amen Brother! I'm a snowboarder too!killer snowboarder. good guyLove it!J Jones is the man. Utah, represent!Awesome.My hero! in an industry so labeled still standing strong I started riding in the Grand Teton mountain range from the age of 5, I 
fell in love with the mountains. I started skateboarding in the summer to 
pass the time between seasons. I was 16 years old when I got my issue of 
Transworld snowboarding and saw my favorite rider, Jeremy Jones, cover 
issue about his beliefs, family, and politics. It was great to know that 
there was someone in this industry that shared my values while 
understanding that the thing that mattered most was family. I'm a mormon. This was awesomethanks for sharing jeremy's story! Why do all these videos make you think if you change you religion you will 
be happy.Very cool! =When I saw his hair down, I was like, "Oh cool! Its Shawn White!" Then I 
felt stupid. X)It's encouraging for me to see guys that live their passion without doing 
it at the expense of their faith. True religion is liberating, not 
restraining. TRJJ! stoked for this videoYou're the coolest, Jeremy!what a cool guyRock on!Love it:)!YEA:D