Yes, there's a bunch of people in the world that are Mormon, this is just 
showing that there might be many people that you see everyday, and they 
might be Mormon, I'm 13 years old and I'm sure I'm a regular person with a 
different perspective and religion, and yes, I am MormonAre you really just regular people?these are ads. Let's not beat. And yes they are trying to show that Mormons 
are regular people - that's exactly what they are advertising. There is 
nothing wrong with admitting they are ads coz they are not fooling anyone For those who still don't get it, these are not commercials to make people 
join our church. These show that mormons are just regular people who do 
regular things.A lot of people have some misconceptions about LDS people and these videos 
are just to show that Mormons are regular people like you and meNow, I don't mean to be offensive, nor do I hope it seems that I am acting 
that way, but what is the point of these commercials? What are they trying 
to accomplish?Just curious why they took all this time and energy into 
something so vague to why it exists.The reason they say they're Mormon at the end is because so many people 
around the world have a stereotype of what we are. These ads are to show 
that we come from all walks of life, just like many other people you know. 
It's to break down the stereotypes of who Mormons are, what they look like 
etc. I like the ads, especially those about people from other countries.I love her, I aspire to be like her one day!! You know, I sometimes see commercials like this on TV... I never understood 
where the hell they were leading, and then they'd say, "...and I'm a 
Mormon" with a smile, and I'd laugh. I'd realize, "What the hell does that 
have to do with being a Mormon?" And laugh for a few seconds. I still don't 
get it, but I don't mind the commercials. They don't push you to be a 
certain religion - 3 - Just tells you about some happy Mormons.Nice story...except shes working for fox news.That's a good question. Mormons do call themselves Christian but don't use 
the term in these videos. Two reasons 1) Christian applies to several 
denominations and is not unique to the LDS Church 2) it's the familiar 
term, as oppose to Latter-day Saint, preferred term. Mormon isn't 
offensive, obviously. The LDS Church is one of the few that has Jesus 
Christ in its name. "Christian" appears 4 times in the NT but "saint" 
appears 96 times and refers to believers in Christ.Actually we do! :D Many people outside of the church all us mormons and so 
it's something of a label (like baptist or catholic) but we most definitely 
consider ourselves Christian! Thanks for asking! Often we also refer to 
ourselves as Members of the Church of JESUS CHRIST of Latter-day Saints, 
but a lot of people find that too long ;) (and yes, Jesus Christ is 
capitalized in that :) ) Hope that helps!Christians gave us that nickname. Our actual church name is the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It has His whole name in it.... We don't, that's just the nickname the world gave us. We're called The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.We consider ourselves as Christians, but people gave us the nickname 
"Mormons" because of the Book of Mormon. We would call our selves "Latter 
Day Saints" since our church is the "Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints", but people don't recognize that name. So we call ourselves by what 
people recognize us as. Not to mention some people get miffed when we say 
we're Christians. I don't really understand why since, as you said, we do 
believe in Christ.I love these stories, she's an inspiration! Mormons are Christians. They call themselves christian. They are a branch 
of Christianity.the official name of the church is, The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints long story short the world prefer to call us Mormons 
because of The Book of Mormon. this is awesome, awesome production, sound and quality. she is a 
inspiration. very inspiring storyPowerful!MOMS ARE THE BEST. THE HIDDEN MAGIC OF MOTHERHOOD SHINES JUST LIKE OUR 
SAVIOR'S LOVE.Christianity makes more sense.hey no offence, but out of curiosity, if Christ matters to you guys then 
why don't you call yourselves Chirstian, but mormon?Intresting.Very touching story. Im not sure if there is anything else in the world 
that makes me feel better of being a Mormon. I was born into the church, 
and I'm still a member. I love being a Mormon!I appreciate her testimony on how her Mother sacrifice everything for her.Wow, your story is really inspiring. That is so cool that you are a 
journalist, it looks fun! :)Thank you for unloading this message. :) It's amazing to see strong people 
who have overcome challenges in their lives, and you have definitely done a 
wonderful job in handling yours. :) Thank you for being here to inspire me 
also.Wow,. I love this girl!!!What a cool story! Very inspiring. Thank you Anita!