i would like to buy your violin if i would have chance to visit your town.That's so awesome. What a great job!Even in Vienna, shops have to have steel gates.That is neat to see her passion on how violins are made, and all the things 
that she doe's in Vanna, and that she is a Mormon.nice to meet you & it was nice to meet this lady in this video. i love 
getting to know real people of varying religious, or non-religious 
demographics in lieu of the often incorrect media portrayal. Good for youI'm LDS and don't care if you're an atheist or not--but your comment was 
hilarious and made me lol. x)Yeah, I don't think the point of this video is to say that she has all 
these talents because she is Mormon. This isn't an advertisement for the 
Mormon church. It's trying to help people get past the stereotypes of 
Mormons as insular, brainwashed, fundie weirdos. We're normal people... as 
normal as any other mainstream religious person.My half brother is a Mormon, any UK mormons out there?I think every Mormon would agree with you. Every person is gifted in some 
way, and has something meaningful to offer the world regardless of his/her 
religion, vocation, etc. That is a principle of our religion (and not 
unique to our religion either). I think faith can help us develop our 
talents, be it Christianity, Judaism, Islam, what have you. I think faith 
tells us that we can improve our talents, it is a trust that when we apply 
ourselves, we can do better than we have before.Cool job.That violin sounded gorgeous, I wish I could play one. :)@an93l4 Well said :) I am also a Mormon and think that you have the point 
of the video down exactly. The point is to show the varieties of people 
that are also Mormon to dismiss stereotypes.no doubt she has a talent but why should anyone care if she is mormon or 
christian or jewish or ... does she have her talent only because she is 
mormon ? I don't think so ... we each have our own gifts, our own talents - 
we may attribute said gifts to a higher power, but to think that our faith 
drives our talent is short-sighted. Henriette, had you been born into 
either a jewish or christian or secular family, your existence would be no 
less extraordinary. jmo - peace ... @mrawesomeninjakitteh You almost had everything.im lds..i knew her 10 years ago when i lived in holland and we used to go 
down to utrecht to visit. i havent seen her since then...she gave a steivie 
wonder live double cd album...she is one o the kindest sweetest people i've 
evr met..! :)Those are some epic sandwiches she's making...blah@mrawesomeninjakitteh So, that means that Atheists are normal human beings. 
And that's good to know.I'm a Christian@rockinout4990 And you don't have to listen to the missionaries if you 
don't want to. They give you a choice to listen or to say "no". Nobody will 
break in to your door to preach. Why do the missionaries of our church talk 
to people? Because they are asked to do it by God. They are commended to 
tell people about the Atonement. I had representatives from other church at 
my door the other day. I told them that I was not interested and they left. 
I did not see any problem. Why are they so intent on convincing us that Mormons are normal people?@Tunavi and really divisive !I really like cheese.@DavePerry2012 Where did you hear that? As I learned in history class the 
Mormons where persecuted in the south by mobs. And as time went on the 
church leader in that time was shot at a prison I think. Next the Mormons 
where forced to leave the southern states and head west to Utah in the 
winter. A war broke out between the U.S. and Cuba in the 1800's and a 
Mormon battalion has volunteered for the war in exchange to show their 
loyalty to the country and for food for the journey. I'm just sayingWow - mormons play the violin?! Sign me up, I can't believe I have been 
missing this! @916myspacefreak Yea, this is indeed weird. Obviously there is some, 
ahem...sensitivity on the part of the Mormon authorities with respect to 
how their religion is perceived by the general public. It's appropriate 
that you bring up the 1800's on that note, though, since Mormonism was 
nearly wiped out in the 1800's by none other than the United States 
government and military, on the grounds that their organization was 
threatening other Americans and displaying possibly treasonous tendencies. Honestly, I think there's even more music in my city of Austin than in 
vienna. We're called the music capital of the world for a reason :].What does that have to do with anything?im a mormon but im still laugh when they go "and i'm a mormon"@grahamgeons Why are atheists everywhere? No one cares that you don't 
practice a religion, yet you care that other people do.. Ironic.ZOOM-FOCUS-FOCUS-ZOOM-FOCUS-ZOOM-ZOOM-ZOOM-FISHEYE-ZOOM-FOCUSAtheists unite@thedtnewt Perhaps because they don't like us mormonsman come on now, this isnt the 1800s no more. -__- stop trying to convert 
us into mormons through youtube.religion is stupidWho cares? It's surprising all these vids have so many dislikes, but at the 
same time, I'm not. As an inactive mormon, mormons have good intentions but 
for the most part, the execution is usually uncomfortable and odd when they 
try to express their love of what they believe and live by. They mean well, 
let's all just ride chillwaves and be tolerant of one another, even if we 
see the other side as hella weird or wrong.@hamerisaguitarcompny I don't know what to make of this, but if you were 
trying to be funny, you aren't.Yeah what johnny102marvin said. All the hate is coming from the fact that 
she said she is mormon at the end of the vid. The point of it was to show 
that mormon's (most of them anyway) are like everyday people trying to make 
it in the world. @johnny102marvin Mormons are still weird.@lvlagnetoTV its just like christianity. made up and and a virusI am not a Mormon and I do not find these videos offense. I think they are 
interesting. I think the reason why these videos are up on the internet is 
because a lot of people stereotype Mormons as being "different" than 
everyone else. The idea is to show that Mormons are not different from 
everybody else, but are normal people and come from all walks of life. 
Harry Reid who is head of the Senate is Mormon. There are top scientists 
who are Mormon...and so on and so on.@enger123 I like the sound of that :)why am i watching this?why does everyone hate these mormon vids so much? Ok all if you have no idea what your talking about you shouldnt talk at 
all.. the video has nothing to do with her being a mormon it is just 
showing that yes mormons are not just in the US and as for the inner 
workings of the church i think you had better get your fact straight before 
you start bashing it and you had better get it from the right sources or 
keep your mouth shut. I take offense to that becouse I am a Mormon and I 
have a great testimony of the Gospel and no it to be true. +@mrawesomeninjakitteh atheist's for life bro hahai think everyone should just be allowed to have their own political and 
spiritual veiws whatever they may be i have a friend who practices santaria 
and they are the nicest person i have met so i really dont understand why 
mormons would have to make these videos or why people question the mormon 
religion....And I'm not.@mrawesomeninjakitteh You're also an idiot, but I laughed at your comment 
regardless.I had to look up what a mormon is...oh yeah right and im a pc Would have worked better if it was: "I'm Henriette Lersch, and windows 7 
was my idea""I'm a mormon, and i'm human. So are you, so you should be too!"@rockinout4990 have you seen the i am a muslim campaign? yeah...I was going to comment on how these videos are off putting, and almost 
potentially offensive to many people, but it seems to have been pretty well 
covered already.what a supreme waste of $ and time religions are.Im sorry, but the only reason i clicked on this video is because ive seen 
it like 500 times in the featured videos box. GOOD!They did leave he religion out of it. What they are trying to get across, 
is that mormons embrace alot of the qualities that other people do. That 
they have lives that are filled with a passion for something. I don't 
recall hearing one time, that anyone should become a mormon or accept her 
beliefs. @lvlagnetoTV I agree. I'm a Christian and I'm afraid I can't go with the 
Mormon beliefs. But the whole air of the video being like "OMG, Look! 
Mormons are people too! And sometimes they even have cool jobs! Isn't that 
neat?" Is kind of dumb.@Pinkscrubs92 Okay, just don't start crying when the natives eat you.@lvlagnetoTV I think you are missing the point entirely. It has nothing to 
do with the church its self, it has to do with the people in the church. To 
modern mainstream society, most people only see the mormons as they are 
depicted on tv, or only know of them as the people that go door to door. 
Most people see that and think all mormons are weird traditionalists. These 
videos are to show that mormons come from very diverse backgrounds and not 
all are how the un-informed masses perceive them.If your not a mormon raise your hand. \m/@christopher2step I think that you nailed it. And it's true. Other 
religions don't go and make videos or have millions of missionaries trying 
to force their opinion on you, so why should mormons? I like the video in 
the aspect of the violin maker approach, but she needs to leave religion 
out of it.@FakeApology I agree!we're just trying to show that we live normal lives! we're not wierd 
polygamists or something like so many people think :) How is this in any way relevant to being a Mormon? Keep it to yourself, 
bish. @luvergirl1798 It's a person who is part of the mormon(LDS) religion :).All religons suck. The End.Mormons, collectively, must have one massive inferiority complex, but, 
then, in the next moment, they seem so proud and superior. Make up your 
minds already!And I'm a sandvich@Piano8myhomework We tell others about it because we want them to have the 
same happiness we do She just believessswhts a mormon@colingoodale There are many groups who are stereotyped. They don't usually 
come out with highly produced advertisements that seem to unanimously link 
mormonism to fulfilled lives. Where are the PSAs showing Mexican- and 
African-Americans living normal middle-class lives, concluding with "And 
I'm colored," or "And I'm Atheist." Those people could really use it. This 
nonsense is unnecessary and disingenuous, akin to Coca-Cola ads implying 
that drinking coke engenders peace and harmony.@Piano8myhomework It's because Mormons are really weirdos in most peoples' 
opinions. I don't think they're pushing their religion on people. The only 
reason I say anything (I only watched this because I hoped it would be 
funny) is that, as a Christian, I've seen so much "shushing" of religious 
free speech that is just saying, "I am not going to hide my beliefs," but 
people say it's pushing religion on people. It's not. If I pushed my 
religion on you, you would know.The only reason these videos are made is to prove we'e normal people like 
everyone else, people are so mean to mormons. And yes.. Im a Mormom(:haha she doesnt have kids yet but soon enough there will be 12 kids under 
her roof hahahahaI'm very particular to the violin maker part of her. She's not "thrusting" 
her religion on anyone. It's in the title and she mentions it once. I bet 
she would have gotten a lot less "heat" if she would have said, "And I'm 
Black," or , "And I'm a Democrat," or, "I'm Disabled." ...... Who 
cares!!!!!! It's obvious she makes violins well.Ok, so they used Henrietta to trick us into visiting Mormon's channel. 
Well, guys, you know ... Henrietta (Mormon or not), we share the same 
passion, I love your German accent.@TheDromekk its not about HER pushing the religion. its the entire thing. 
Its the whole point of the channel. Its giving something that really ISNT 
that wounded, power. "Ohhh feel bad for us, we're normal people too..." BS. 
I dont see a "Christian" channel or a "Budhist" channel or a "Jewish" 
Channel or hell even a god damn "Scientologist" channel. Apparently mormons 
are so put down and have SO MUCH TO PROVE. Get over yourselves! Fine you're 
normal people! Quit doing this, cause it aint normal.Her violins seem really awesome. I don't know about the advertising Mormons 
thing. I know we put them down a little bit, because, let's face it, 
they're pretty weird. The video did take a weird turn there, but I've seen 
much, much, much more overt proselytization. Notice all videos on this channel is to promote Mormonism...I'd rather say 
I'm a JESUS freak. lolOk, Vienna is beautiful and making those violins is a beautiful talent that 
she has, but what the heck does that have to do with her being mormon? She 
could be Adventist or Atheist and still live in that city and have that 
talent.......I don't really think that the point of the video is to necessarily promote 
the LDS church. Mormons have been thrown in the mud for a long time because 
others have heard all sorts of crazy rumors about them. I believe the point 
of the video is to show that Mormons are just regular people that live 
regular lives...they don't have multiple wives/mothers and haven't sprouted 
horns or anything crazy.Just because she says she is a Mormon does not mean that she or anyone else 
is attempting to "push" their religion or beliefs on you. Mormons get 
ridiculed often and I think for them to create an answer to that ridicule 
is also. Any prophet or progeny of god could have also been fake. Remember 
that before you are so quick to judge.@Christian33AD Truely!@YoungBloodGamer This is her lilfe and bio; being a Mormon is a part of her 
life. She did not say anything to try and convert anyone. When you chose to 
watch this video, what were you expecting to see?@jfranssen100 ???????? Perhaps a little more explanation would have been in 
order. Were you looking for more information on Mormonism? There are 
websites specifically devoted to Mormon Doctrin and history. You were a 
"customer" for what?@Alphabex8 Then you missed point. This was her bio and to mention her 
religious preference at the end rather than through the video does not make 
it a commercial. Nowhere did she say anything to try to convert you. I 
think you are being overly sensitive. All she did was add that her religion 
was part of "who she is".@Piano8myhomework You already posted this comment, why do it again? Do you 
have an anit-mormon adgenda?@FakeApology Why do you keep posting this comment more than once? Are you 
an anti-religious or anti-mormon bigot?@zbboston I guess you must be speaking of those ultra-conservative 
right-wing evangellical type religions. I have several acquaintences who 
consistently tell me their ministers tell them not to think just to listen 
to the minister who will tell them what to think and do. Definitely a loss 
of intellectual freedom.@dilegentelectron You are correct. What is needed is more people actually 
living their religion 24/7.@Mikeyb646 Yeah, but which fools? No matter which side I pick, someone with 
choose the other. "Why can't we just get along"?@davom22 Well said and unfortunately and sadly an accurate evaluation of 
much of our society from the religious and the irreligious both.@wildestmonk "... they need to let people have their own opinions-profanity 
or not." is good advice for all religions. This is America supposedly the 
land of tolerance and religious freedom afterall. @goldie0800 1. It's not a "music video", it's a bio on one person who is a 
skilled artisan and a Mormon. 2. It is also NOT an advertisment. 3. 
"America is the land of freedom of choice; except for my choices." The 
mentality is--nothing is acceptable unless "you-believe-what-I-do". Pity 
that our society has degenerated to the point where a calm discussion of 
some topics can't take place. Are you overly sensitive to other's 
statement, "that in addition to my life and skills, I am a Mormon"?@Pelthail It's just your opinion. I don't believe it's a "joke to God...".