This good woman is one of my heroes. She is rescuing the lost, the 
downtrodden, the unwanted. Charity never faileth!You are amazing, Elizabeth!@jacopppp I'm not a Mormon but I can look at this video objectively and 
realize the point. No where in this video did they say "Atheist don't do 
this" or "People who don't believe in God don't do good things" the point 
their trying to get across is misconceptions about Mormons. Basically 
showing that Mormons are normal people too....well at least that's what I 
see lolI love how churches act like Atheists don't do this.She has such great joy in her life. I am a Mormon and a Christian.EVOLUTION. Let the hate begin.I am a Christian........that's very good!I use basic reasoning to my advantage, and im an athiest. @Jvanna56 Hey Jvanna, A mormon is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints. Mormon is nickname that we picked up. We believe in God 
as our Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ as our Savior. There's a lot of 
info about us at mormon.org @Jvanna56 You can read about what a mormon is by going to Mormon.org or by 
watching more of these videos on the youtube mormon channel. You know this is an amazing women but she isn't that way because of 
religion some people just have more empathy and sympathy not because they 
are following the rules others set for them.@SKampDavis Very true indeed. However, the internet is the internet, and 
anything on it is subject to very..distrought opinions. Everyone should 
know that. This is incredible. What is a mormon though?Why do people dislike these videos? I'm an atheist, but these are sweet 
stories about people just trying to live their lives. Even through my lack 
of faith, I can respect and appreciate this. Also, the title says it all. 
Watching just to dislike is rude and mean.She is full of love.What a great mission in life. Kids and animals. And I'm proud to be a 
Mormon too!Hello I'm Wiccan.Great example of an african american doing something great for the world!Her obviously designer tracksuit reminds me of Colgate spearmint toothpaste.im amorman and this shows that there are some happy things in a hard timesim scientologist@kaglerthewiccan im a mormon and i have never seen that in the book of 
mormon?@kaglerthewiccan not true. but thanks for watching. LOLWhat a Beautiful story. <3I LOVE her!She's a wonderful women. A true inspiration!The little kid is so cute :)<3she's a very kind lady. it's a big thing to take a foster children. she's a 
brave women, for taking those children! she's not crazy. I know a women who 
had 10 children. She's still healthy and amazing. I'm a Mormon too. And 
Proud.what a nice lady :)A real example of Christ Like Love!Get them while they're young and don't know how to think for themselves!