Wow! :-)Wow how awesome, a life of humble service as teacher. He found his 
recreation in creation. Also he looks much younger than 74.i mean if were just going to call people things when we dont even know 
their definition. then your a fucking igloo fuck youlol and your a fucking igloo If you desire to get rid of fat quickly, you should look up on google Slim 
Body Maximizer. They can help you get the body you deserve.Wow I cant even understand this mans language but I can see that he is very 
happy. Seems like these commercial are the Mormons trying to say "We're normal!"weird cunts ''mormons''SO LAMENeat video!Thanks for the quick response.You are actually right that Mormons need to do a better job of confronting 
and grappling with the oddities of their own history and faith in general. 
I see gradual changes in that direction and hope it continues. Thanks for 
your good-hearted suggestion. Here's to informed faith!There is nothing wrong with that, but it's exclusivity closes your minds to 
the real challenges of your own identity, history, and existance. I wish 
you well. And I am not asking you to change in any way. I like Mormon 
emphasis on kindness and helpfulness to others. Those are the things that 
are really important any way. Thanks for replying Angus. I do not know whether you are well versed on the 
Bible, nor do I challenge you regarding it. I think you probably are.And I 
suspect that you are a very nice person for responding to me. I don't think 
Mormons have intellectually engaged with the history of Christianity or the 
oddity of their own history nor the intellectual challenges to belief in 
general. Mormon excellence and identity seems more tied to ideas about 
thriftiness and self-reliance and the family. Where was this filmed?Natalie, i'm sure we have doctrinal disagreements, but one thing is for 
sure: mormons aren't knowingly deceiving anyone. They might disagree with 
you about what it takes for salvation (though not by that much, I'd say), 
but what they teach is what they really believe. They aren't trying to 
teach some doctrine for the purpose of willingly "leading someone to hell."Brigham Young had lots of interesting opinions. Not much wilder than anyone 
else on the Western fronteir in 1870, though. I appreciate the hard work he 
put in to carve out a living for a people who had no other place to turn. dude, don't know where you came off hating mormons so much. I hope it 
wasn't from any you've actually met. That would make me sad, cuz I've found 
most of the time we're actually really nice, i.e., not hateful.hardly sneakywill. you're just supposed to see that mormons are all over 
the place, doing normal interesting things, not holed up in a compound in 
texas with their sister wives. it's everywhere. it's in our sunday school lessons every week, in our daily 
wrestles with scripture, our daily prayers. mormons' faith is so present in 
their lives that they have to struggle with truth and matters of the soul. 
and I know of no other religion whose members are so universally 
well-versed in scripture. I don't know why you would think mormons are 
versed on the Bible. I would be much more impressed if you had some folks saying I'm a Mormon 
and an expert in patristics or even (and I am really reaching here) I'm a 
Mormon and a well respected Biblical archeologist. I am sure the guy who 
hikes a lot will live longer than me, be happier than me, have more kids 
and money, but he could just as easily have been a Jehovah's Witness, etc. 
You are very nice people, but where is your struggle with the truth and the 
dark nights of the soul? I ask this with respect. Great video. To those of you commenting on this video...I'm sorry that you 
are either ex-Mormons or that you consulted some random website for 
information about the Mormon church. Try learning a tiny bit about what 
people believe before you launch into ignorant, profanity-laced rants.To put it simply your human and you lead a good life pointless saying 
anything eldeWho fucking cares if your morman, am i supposed to be jealous of your 
lifestyle or something? LOLHe's Swiss, you ignoramus.I KNEW IT! THE RACIST CULT HAS ZE GERMANS IN IT!!!!!!!!! wow, that's actually really hurtful for people to speak that way“Who can tell us of the inhabitants of this little planet that shines of an 
evening, called the moon? …when you inquire about the inhabitants of that 
sphere you find that the most learned are as ignorant in regard to them as 
the most ignorant of their fellows. So it is with regard to the inhabitants 
of the sun. Do you think it is inhabited? I rather think it is. Do you 
think there is any life there? No question of it.” Brigham Young Journal of 
Discourses Volume 13, page 271 1870This is not the gospel of Jesus Christ. This is a cult, see Walter Martin's 
"Kingdom of the Cults." The Morman cult tries to add works to the pure 
gospel of Christ and salvation by faith that the Blood of Jesus, the Son of 
God, is the ONLY acceptable atonement for sin. These films want to entice 
sincere people astray to damnation, truly wolves in sheep's clothing. Your a cult.mormonism is a fucking cult! Das wandenlove this dudeFor subtitles, click on the CC button. Is there suppose to be subtitles? Can't see them,So glad for the Transcript so I knew what they were saying! That would be 
so neat to get to hike so many places! I thoroughly enjoyed this well done video of a beautiful life of love, 
service, meaninful activity and joyful witness of the gospel of Jesus 
Christ. Bravo, Bravo Brother MollerHallo lieber Bruder Moeller, Danke fuer das schoene Video von Ihren 
Wanderungen! The subtitles aren't showing up... (Not in Chrome or IE)