They are an absolutely beautiful couple. :) I hope to have a marriage like 
that, to know that even if I become disabled or my husband becomes 
disabled, that we will live happily together, no matter the aggravations.They are inspiring couple.Wow his wife is his eyes literally.They speak so beautifully!they are such a cute couple :)I can't help but smile when I watch this. It just shows how positive one 
can be even when hard things in life happen.Whenever I introduce myself to new people it's fine until my friends elbow 
me in the ribs until I say "And I'm a Mormon" Great way to meet someone -_-:) That was brilliant. I really hope I end up like these two when I get 
married...they're so cute!Awww what a sweet couple :) They're so cute Some many people want to be understood and respected, but they don't want 
to respect anyone. I'm a mormon and see that all the time on other people's 
faces when they know I'm a church member. It's so sad so-called good people 
don't do any good at all!This couple is absolutely adorable. Made me smile :D @libertyslegion well said.@libertyslegion I'm a mormon(: That makes me happySo awesome to see an older couple still in love and having fun together.kids? @wyattqt And you can be...the video's arent supposed by secretly saying 
"I'm mormon and I think I'm better than you" It's just that a lot of people 
don't know very much about who mormons really are, and showing real people 
who are members of the religion clear up misconceptionsMy name is Mormon and I disable comments and ratings on many of my videos 
because I'm in denial about negative feedback. @MyAwsomesause my name is rmisionero, and I I don't care.I knew this couple when I lived in Geneva for two years. They are awesome 
and have a great sense of humor. It is great to see them here.My name is Wyatt, and I'm an atheist.@RhinoSea No, you shall join us atheists! We're going to take over the 
world!!! BWAHAHAHAH!!!!!! *dramatic lightning in background*DELIGHTFUL. The devotion of this couple brings tears to my heart. :) Thank 
you for creating and sharing this video, et merci la famille Muller, pour 
votre example. Milles fois, merci.these people are so positive, that's awesome & inspiring.this is the coolest video everMerci! Merveilleux de voir d'autres mormons!WOW I WANT TO BE MORMON NOWMy name is Gorge, and i'm an athiest.