I joining Mormon faith i so inspired by everything know everything i taught 
is true Marco your such cool guy i been learning itlalian myself i love 
Mormons i found the true church now and i am happy﻿We keep bees, too, and have learned a lot about sacrifice and work from 
them.  Thanks, Marco, for sharing who you are and what makes your life 
happy!﻿very good looking couple! I wish that too, very much so. There's always one small group that has to 
mess things up for the majority. he is a good father and good lds Cute family; Mormons are all about the family. This is a good video watch 
it some time.Your happiness is contagious! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.I totally love Mormons!! thank you for your very nice comment I am glad you like this video (;i am a sunni muslim and i find this video inspirational :). i wish people 
dont interpret muslims as violent savages.anyone else on a video spree about mormons?this is incredible! im not a Mormon but dude i wish this vid was longer i find it quite 
inspirational. i could actually watch this guy for an hour just talk about 
his life because hes pleasant to watch. much respect for this guy! wish 
everybody could be like this guy, even myself. my brother just got back from his Rome Italy mission two weeks and had so 
many stories of this great man. Wish I could meet him.I'm a Mormon, and I agree with that. :) God bless.This video popped up as a youtube ad whilst I was viewing something else. 
It is the only Ad that I have ever watched in its entirety. I was 
completely captivated. What a cool guy. Like-able dude. It's cool he is a mormon. I am not a mormon. I think we 
could get along without me having to be a mormon. He does share some of the Mormon beliefs, He says: "I believe in God", 
"Family is important", "It's very important to share what we have with 
others", "If we do these things, we will be happy" and he teaches by 
example. Almost an impossibility in most of mainstream America and western EuropoeCiao, Marco. Quando ho fatto la verdina quindici anni fa, stavi nella ramo. 
Ti ricordo. Avevo bisogno di sorridere ieri sera, e il tuo video mi 
aiutava. Grazie. Non ho lo mai visto. Apprezzo il tuo esempio, il esempio 
del tuo madre, e tutte delle persone nella ramo.I know Marco and he's just about the best kind of person you could find in 
this world - he and his entire family. They are wonderful. Nice video 
Marco! We hope to see you in 2014 when the temple gets built in Rome! Ci 
Vediamo Amici@TheJustinjz I'm not getting your point.. Its not hard to find an Italian 
Mormon, just go to Italy, hahah!Bravo! Buon lavoro!Hahaha, I like this one. Seems like a fun and genuine guy I like these mormons!Che belli i miei cugini! Vi voglio bene! Claudiathey had to search the world to find an italian mormon. oh and how 
creative, the best thing you could think of to describe him is a beekeeper. 
NICE@signorapetrollini You're quite welcome, by the way I couldn't help but 
notice Petrollini is in your user name. Lol@astrophysics1997 Thank you for your comment, it is very nice.Usually when I see these videos I think "Who cares." but then there are 
ones like these that really touch my heart some how.Viva L'italia! The members of the LDS church in Italy have so much faith, 
and Marco here is a great example of that. Marco e la sua famiglia sono un 
raggio di speranza per un paese in cui avere una famiglia non e' di moda. 
Bravo Marco, che Dio ti benedica.I'm not a big fan of these types of videos, but this one made me smile and 
put me in a good mood :).im 12, i go to school, i have a family, i like pie, i love god, im a mormanuhh! Touched my heart! I want a man like that!!! The best thing about the Mormon church is that it helps people build strong 
families like this one.128 DISLIKES?? Are you serious?? What's not to like? Marco is sincere as he 
talks about his family & beliefs. All those dislikes are most like 
Anti-Mormon. Too bad you can't accept the fact that Mormons are not Weird 
or a cult! I think it is sad that the commandment to love one another is so 
hard for so many people. God Bless.@MoreNakedSnake These videos have a different purpose. They have a ton that 
have basic beliefs and other things on MormonMessages channel. Also, if you 
wanted to know what we believe go to //mormon.org/faith/ .I think there are people that spend their time to vote with negative 
comments just because they have preconceptions about the Church........I 
don't see why all the Mormon.org videos have so many negatives 
comments......when they share positive principles......@JackHDiamond if you wanna know that.. go to mormon.org... these are for 
people that think mormons are a cult and not normal@MoreNakedSnake if you wanna know that.. go to mormon.org... these are for 
people that think mormons are a cult and not normal@MoreNakedSnake The purpose of Mormon.org is to show you that alot of 
normal people are Mormons or members of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter day Saints. We believe in God, the eternal father, and in His Son, 
Jesus Christ and in the Holy Ghost. You can go to LDS.org to learn more 
about the church or representatives can come to your home to teach you and 
share their testimonies. Let me know if I can help to answer any questions.@MoreNakedSnake. Because the intent of "I am a Mormon" is to show the 
Mormons are very normal people. If you go on Mormon.org, on "our people" 
you will find our profile , there we wrote about our beliefs. Ciao!love this! siete bravissimi!!! I'm happy that he has a great life, but why don't any of these videos 
include what Mormons believe in?What is there not to like about this? I love the joy they have!What is ther not to like about this?@neoka28 Like he said in the video, his religion is one of the things that 
brings joy to him, and he believes it's important to share that with 
others. We put so much time and energy and resources into sharing the 
gospel with others so that we can help others feel the happiness that we 
feel.Caspita! Sei stato un grande esempio a me durante mia missione Marco! This 
sure made me smile : )Beautiful! I love happy people! thanks for showing the world what matters 
most. Marco! The real deal. ThanksI go door to door trying to give you flyers for my religion... ...and I'm a 
mormon.I am part Italian, a Father, Husband, Architect, Realtor, Sailor and I am a 
Mormon!Amore mio sei il numero uno!!!Marco is one of the most amazing people I've ever met. He practices 
everything he preaches. Love this man! TimThat was fantastic! What a jovial human being. Thank you for sharing.I want to be a bee keeper so bad! :D How fun!!! Love the video!