awesome! I love your videos so much :) They are very encouraging! Thank you for this post!Go to mormon.org there aren't enough characters to write it all. you should either ask a 
specific question or you can go onto LDS.org or even Mormon.org and do your 
own research... We believe in God, Jesus Christ, life after death, Serving 
Gods children on earth.... we believe in marriage (between a man and a 
women) and we believe in families. though you really should check out those 
websites for the full details. :) I'm glad you asked!Religion of all kinds is also a normal progression of human evolution. Atheism is not the normal progression of human evolution. It is the belief 
that man is of his own making. It is a self-made free pass in life to bend 
and break rules without answering to anyone other than themsleves. Atheism 
is a voluntary prison and is in fact blind faith in nothing other than 
one's own self. Me, I KNOW (not believe) there is a God who created all of 
us before the Earth was formed. I've seen too much throughout my life that 
points to that fact and that's NOT make believe.Sunday, I loved that video. "Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody 
wants to die." That is a quote I'll remember. Thank you for your example my 
brother.Atheism is a normal progression of human evolution. We all die and then 
forever stay dead. What's so horrible about that? I embrace my mortality 
and am living a happy life. Fear, hate and religious dogma don't do 
anything for me. Life is beautiful. Live, let live and stop living in a 
voluntary prison aka blind faith in man made make believe.I'm a ScientologistWhat an amazing man, truly an angel. What an inspiration he is, I wish I 
was more like him! Maybe one day. Thank heaven for people like him!Very nice Sunday.i'm an atheistBishop Talabi! I went to Mormon.org and saw you on the homepage! I always 
thought you were an inspirational disciple of Christ! Too bad they didn't 
get to hear your home teaching reactivation story! We love and miss you. 
Good to see you've got Clemens baking! im muslim :)It is wonderful to feel that sweet spirit of encouragement, especially 
right now when I have a loved one very close to the end of his life. 
Knowing that there is a plan to our lives makes all the difference in the 
world.and I'm a human...Yes! I love learning from previous generations and I miss my grandparents.What a great smile! :~DWhy are there zero posts? Do you delete them all?.....and i'm a jewIf I had his optimism, life wouldn't suck so much. But it is a passing 
thing from an eternal perspective. God bless.LOVE THIS!His attitude is infectious. I couldn't help smiling through this whole 
thing.