1:10 DAWWWWWWWW That plucked my heart strings a bit! Good luck you! ﻿Thank you for your faith, courage, and understanding of God's plan for us! 
It is an inspiration to all of us:)This made me cry! She is so beautiful and so inspiring. What better way to 
know that God has a plan for you and loves you?It just shows how God can work in are lives.Who is voteing these videos down? I'm agnostic but I still cry during half 
these ads because the peoples stories are just so moving, and there faith 
is lovely to see.Does anyone know how this lovely women is doing now?Sorry, I never noticed that small problem with the story! But you're right- 
when I was 16 I did both chemo and radiation, but the lightest doses 
possible as I was still in the very early stages of cancer. Initially, it 
did kill off cancer cells, skin/hair cells, & all fast-growing cells. 
Though a concern from the 1st, my body retained it's ability to procreate. 
Now, after rounds 2 & 3 of chemo, I am no longer able to have children, but 
will always be grateful to God for my 2 little blessings. Why so many dislikes? You don't have to actually be a Mormon to appreciate 
and admire these videos and take inspiration from themoh nevermind, they did use chemo, from what it looks. Dunno!crying right nowHow is she doing now?I love her attitude, and she has a beautiful family! I am jealous of people 
that have faith and religion, I think it makes your will to live stronger 
and you believe that someone or something is watching out for you. Just a 
QUESTION: If treatment kills you cells and you can't have kids, how come 
she could after her first treatment when she was 16? Wouldn't she not be 
able to have kids or am I missing something? It's just a question. :) Keep 
strong Tessa!Im really happy for her attitude, My mother was diagnossed with cancer when 
she was 45 years of age, She passed 3 years latter and when she did i 
realizzed that there was a purpuse to life more than just, Being born, 
living a pointless life, and dying, I decided to get baptized in the Mormon 
church 3 months later after my mother passed away. I chose to get baptized 
on July 5th of 2007 (My mother was Born on July 5th 1959) . i was a 
catholic convert and i can really say i love being a mormon :)How can anyone not like this video? People blow me away! This video is 
wonderful and made me cry :)I'm not a mormon, but I completely admire Tessa. If I found out I had 
cancer, I would just give up right then and there. Tessa is a great 
inspiration and I wish her and her family nothing but the best :)SO INSPIRITATIONAL <3 i loveeeee it !We love you Tessa!! You are an inspiration to all. Heavenly Father luvs u 
so!You go girl!! What an inspiration. You are beautiful on the inside and 
out!! Thank you for sharing your story with us. May the Lord bless you and 
your beautiful family :) Haters, even with this story.. SMHI know if I had cancer, I would be knocking at Stanislaw Burzynski's door 
in a heartbeat. I admire Tessa's positive attitude. Guys... Mormons are normal. That's the point. cool story girl..... tell it again like your other morman friends!Agh...why are you guys so sweet?@Gaboyaaa What IS the point of these videos? Is it to show that good and 
purposeful living is exclusive to Mormons? No. It is to tell our story on 
our terms to those who are accidentally (as opposed to willfully) ignorant 
about our faith. It is to show who we are and how the core principles of 
Christianity are reflected in the lives of faithful, practicing Mormons. In 
so doing we hope that fair-minded people will expand their views and want 
to know more. If you do you, please visit mormon.org.i find your story touching and inspirational but i could care less if you 
are a Mormon or not.Mormons kick ass. (coming from a Catholic)stay blessedis this video trying to make me believe that mormons are actually...human? @Gaboyaaa It shows that Mormons believe in Jesus Christ and that through 
the sacrifices of Jesus Christ, and because He died for us, that He can 
help us through our individual trials and give us the strength we need to 
carry on. I know that to be true.I' m Kristoff Fynn And I'm an AthiestI'm Collin Dougherty. And i'm an Agnostic. You're beautiful!The true gospel of Jesus Christ helps us get through the hard things that 
come to all of us.hmm, noHi Adam and Tessa, I just wanted to let you know that I am teaching the 
Young Women's lesson today on Eternal Perspective, and I immediately 
thought of this video and Tessa's amazing attitude as she goes through this 
journey. I just wanted you to know that I found this video very 
inspirational and I know my cute Young Women will as well. Luv, MelissaGod bless you and guide you in this difficult time, Tessa! You helped me a 
lot today. All my best to you, and I'll keep you in my prayers!What a great example of faith! Great message! Thank you.Thank you, Tessa! I needed what you said today.I just keep watching this over and over... I'm going through a hard time 
and your happiness, enthusiasm and testimony just uplifts me so, so much. I 
am so grateful for your testimony that God is watching over us every step 
of the way! Be strong, thank you again :) how could you dislike this... do you have a soul? good luck tessa we are 
all here for you !!!Inspiring!Her blessings are manifest in this life but fully realized in the next 
life. I am praying for a positive follow up. this is my favorite one. i'll pray for you. you can do it tessa! why judge people by religion? this woman is beautiful, no matter what 
faith. she should be such an inspiration to everyone.beautifull video tessa that is a reat example of faith and strength take 
care an keep that strong faith and you will beat that illnes ok big huge 
sister tessa You are a inspiration =) keep fighting. You have the most beautiful kidswow...beautiful YOU ARE SPECIAL TESSA BECAUSE YOU ARE A MORMON. YOU ARE AN EXAMPLE OF THE 
FAITH.I AM BRAZILIAN AND I LOVE THIS GOSPEL.GOD bless you and your family. I'll be praying for you, thanks so much for 
sharing this. i love mormons.Wow, this is powerful.love this! very inspiring to see people of faith. you made be stick to life moreWOW... life is precious! thanks, AND YOU CAN BEAT IT AGAIN WOW... life... is precious! thanks, AND YOU CAN BEAT IT AGAIN *tears*You are a beautiful person and have one very beautiful special spirit. Love 
and hugs from another Mormon sister. 