Very touching video... ﻿His sculptures are so beautiful! And his love of God is even more 
beautiful.﻿I love to see people like this finding success in the U.S.﻿What a positive man.  I love seeing his joy about the rain, not many people 
enjoy it the way he does.﻿The best video I have watchedIt is good to see people who make it even when they come from not so 
privileged circumstances. But you know what is the nicest to see, it is to 
see a family that are still together at the end of a lifetime. Still 
together, still faithful, still keeping the family together, healthy, 
loved, supportive of each other, and doing the kind of job they want but 
most importantly still together as a family and helping each other when 
needed.im not a mormon, but this is a beautiful commercial. praise GodI like this video. what a extraordinary artist, I would buy one. an i'm a 
Mormon.There is no reason not to respect this guy, I am an agnostic and it makes 
me cringe to see athiests bombard these guys for the moment they say they 
belive in god. Personality before beliefs I would say.I think this has to be one of my most favourite ads.Very nice story!Harley Davidson Christian thank you for this I live around a few Mormons. They have strong family values and are 
hardworking people. This Is a Very Beautiful and Treasured Story / Commercial !!!!! Thank You 
!!!!!!!!! I Absolutely Loved It !!!!!! Infinite Love & Gratitude !!!!! OzLooks like he makes some great stuff. I really like how his accent is a 
mixture of both a South Eastern Nigerian and American accent....Thank for that comment. That is exactly what they are for. :) You're 
awesome.He's got a great voiceI'm no Mormon but I agree with him, there IS a god and he lives within us 
all... believe in him, believe in something, anything and you will have a 
more positive outlook on life. Plus you will gain eternal life;)And that is why we have these videos. You are as much an inspiration with 
your comment as Nnamdi.I'm mormon and that really mans a lotthis guy came to my school. very cool guy. im not into art that much i just love the arts of cars. but this dude is 
clearly great at what he does! Seems like a cool guy!I decided to look him up and research about him sense I was pleased of the 
Youtube Advertisement i had seen which is this video.I want this song that starts at 1:26 ? So uplifting!Love this Testimony. Love. Sandy ♥ "Life is about not knowing, having to 
change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's 
going to happen next. Delicious ambiguity." ♥ Gilda Radner@Thelovebelowhellno yes there are many of us:)@GianMightEatYou well...its is a mormon commercial..so..uh..yeahAWESOME VIDEO!!!!cool coolokay, i watch this whole freaking thing in an advertisement and i enjoyed 
it somewhat and noticing it was a nice little story... but seriously you're 
just gnna say ur a mormon right at the end? .__.Stoked to see youtube promoting a video like this not for profit or to sell 
another useless product to the public, but rather to raise awareness to 
something beautiful. Belief, Humanity and purity.bask ET ball.i believe in god and thank him every time something happens that not only i 
don't like because it teaches me but also when i get things i do want or 
enjoy and i think this video was the best advertisement I've ever watched 
on here only one i don't skip very nice. God Bless.Why are there so many dislikes? lol. This was one of the advertisements 
that caught my attention so I took my time to search it up. Did some people 
search it up just to dislike it? I don't really have a religious view but 
this video was very inspiring.Sponsored by Rick Perry.@qwexas dude you can shut your mouth. Us Mormons are not advertising our 
religion we are showing that we are a very diverse religion, and believe in 
god. Therefore we are not advertisers, we are fellow Christians that 
believe in god.He's mormon and he's like every other human being. They're not freaks or 
weirdos. His faith gives him strength. Is that wrong?@LDixon007 these videos have nothing to do with Mitt Romney running for 
president, this campaign has been going on before the presidential race 
began, you are correct these videos show a lot of minorities which means 
that the LDS church is a very diverse people but united under their love 
for Christ and his gospel. ThanksI know Nnamdi and he is one tremendous artist and person. Congratulations 
on your continued success big brotha...I shared the video on our social 
network and online magazine, blackartinamerica. comi live in utah and the Mormons are just really nice people and just believe 
in god just like every body else.This guy is in my ward :). He's a great guy.@davethe10r Christians are people that believe in god, so I guess mormons 
are Christians too.What a cool guy! Love the video!I don't really get the whole, "Look I'm normal. I like to read, and I eat 
three times a day, and I'm a Mormon..." thing. Maybe they want to prove 
they're normal people? Anyone with a single brain cell knows that. There 
are crazy people of every religion, and regular people of every religion. 
We need to break down all these walls of organized religion. Here's my 
commercial: Hi, I'm Amanda. I study psychology, I love to draw, and I 
believe in God. Isn't that enough?@magicpure959 Mormons ARE Christians. A better question would be, why don't 
you see Methodists doing videos saying "I'm a Methodist" or Lutherans doing 
videos saying "I'm a Lutheran"? The answer is, Methodists and Lutherans 
aren't the object of a concerted effort by both the media and by other 
Christian churches to portray them as wacky, misguided, or simply evil.I knew Nnamdi in college. He's one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet. 
Great profile, Nnamdi!I started noticing these around the same time Mitt started running for 
president. Perhaps a coincidence? I also can't help but notice that about 
half of the Promoted videos on YT are from this poster. And that an 
unusually high proportion of them are of people from minority groups. Other 
than that, they are nicely done.You can't argue with a sincere guy like this. He seems genuinely happy.@RaiptYou Go to Mormon.Org@m200mw we know that we are not the only ones going to heaven, just so you 
know.@hoboofdoom9111 I'd say that it's difficult to compare Mormonism to Judaism 
in that way because antisemitism is now considered a very bad thing, 
whereas some types of anti-mormonism aren't (though less violent than 
before). A better comparison may be with American Muslims, a minority 
religion stereotyped & prejudiced extensively. Check out @ICNATV 
@Muradaldin or @nativedeen for a very similar approach to advocating for 
one's faith & bridging misunderstandings in a civil way. =) peace and loveVery positive message and beautiful art!@dudewhaat they think there the only people that go to heaven@dudewhaat I'd like to express my appreciation for what you and others with 
positive comments have said. It helps a lot. Thank you! :D@2b3the1 Thanks for pointing that out, because I sure as hell thought so. 
Because I always stereotyped them as riding a bike, trying to force you 
into the religion thing. I guess this shows you their like everyone else in 
the world lol. Though i do hate the ones that come to you and talk about 
Mormon stuff...But they are one of the nicest people ya meet.As an artist myself, I'm grateful for how Nnamdi articulates how God helps 
artists by blessing them with creativity. I LOVE this video!!!! Way to go Nnamdi! I remember you at BYUH and you were 
something special then. It is great to see you doing so well with such an 
amazing family and talent. The Lord has truly blessed you and you bless 
others. Thank you.There is a lot of misinformation out there about Mormons, and these videos 
are trying to set the record straight. We're not polygamists, we don't 
forbid dancing or having fun, or the use of modern conveniences - in short, 
we're mainstream people. You will find us in every walk of life, trying to 
be the best we know how. These videos are trying to show how most faithful 
Mormons actually live. If you know any Mormons, you probably know all this 
already, so this is for those who don't.beautiful, beautiful work. Seems like a nice guy. I'm not a Mormon, but I realize the point of these 
videos isn't to convert people. It is to show that Mormons aren't a bunch 
of cult church freaks. You could make that stereotype of any religion.I don't really believe in a God, I don't even know much about any religion, 
but what I know about Mormons, they're some of the nicest people I've met. 
They don't judge, they're accepting etc. And this guy seems very nice too. 
I like these videos.<3 the accentBEAUTIFUL art! What a fantastic story and a wonderful person.nice vid, what a great man, thx for posting!