because the truth my brother, will set everyone free .Learned a lot. Yes, it really is about happiness and finding it and 
devoting your time to living in happiness. He's right.This was so great! What a great attitude about life!this is the type of guy i wanna hang out with. i like this guy. we would 
get along very well.Can you imagine how much fun it would be to have Stan as a grandpa? Way to 
be, Mr. Checketts. Glad to know your story - the big story. All the more 
happiness to you! I'm not a mormon, but I like this guy. He's so joyful and happy. I'm a 
roller coaster junkie with hopes of growing up to be a roller coaster 
designer like him, and he is my role model. I'm not racist. I don't care if 
he's a mormon and I'm not, he's still my role model.Awesome! I'm going to work on being more like this and look forward to 
enjoying life like he does!Because they are believers in Jesus Christ. Not perfect, just believers!Exactly!!!If I make it to Heaven, I hope God is like Stan. I've never met him, but 
I've been told how well he treats roller coaster enthusiasts when they 
visit. I'm not a LDS, but I've learned much through them. I'm an adrenaline 
junkie so I've no use for illicit drugs nor alcohol, which would impair my 
ability to have fun. I want to be in control of my life, and the LDS Word 
of Wisdom is great guide. @omiolo Last time I checked, envy was one of the seven deadly. This will 
never make it on line due to the GOOD MORMONS!@XxxRXPxxX What IS the point of these videos? Is it to show that good and 
purposeful living is exclusive to Mormons? No. It is to tell our story on 
our terms to those who are accidentally (as opposed to willfully) ignorant 
about our faith. It is to show who we are and how the core principles of 
Christianity are reflected in the lives of faithful, practicing Mormons. In 
so doing we hope that fair-minded people will expand their views and want 
to know more. If you do you, please visit mormon.org.@XxxRXPxxX THANK YOU!This is a great story, interesting man but I don't see how being Mormon has 
anything to do with it. I've known many Catholics, Muslims, Jews, and 
Atheists living wholesome lives filled with happiness and fulfillment. I 
don't believe that any one religion is the true path to happiness and god. 
It's all about what we, as people, find beauty and worth in our lives. 
Those that don't find it, are doomed to be miserable and those that do.. 
well they come out in YouTube videos. :)Now this is the type of mormon I like! :D@JimenezLupita You might be the *right church, but you're not the chuch 
that knows how to spell correctly.where not taking over lol ... it's just that our church is the wright 
church and people know whats' wright and what's wrong .... :) people are 
making there decisions :) <3 @beyongson6 i am an atheist . but i agree that everybody has a right to 
believe what ever they wish even though i disagree. but my question is why 
do you feel the need to make videos to prove that your normal? who cares 
what others think of you? if people try to prosecute you for your beliefs 
then forget them there nothing but scum on the face of the earth, my fellow 
atheist included. if you believe something dont try to make it look good. 
Try to spread your word instead of dressing it up. @TheBMXracer445 mormons are not taking over the world. Any theist have 
controlled the world one way or another since the beginning of time. 
Mormons are just another sect of the vast grip of religion around the 
world. it doesn't matter what religion it is, its still bringing us down as 
a people and dividing us, so we cant progress in society to make our selfs 
a better civilization in whole. Peace is non theistic!@kylethedenile ...on Monday mornings. Before 9:00 am.@TheBMXracer445 we're not trying to take it over were trying to fit in and 
let everyone accept us because as you see we people reject usI guess the mormon religion is the right one! As these videos show; they 
all have great lives because of their belief. Or they might just be people. 
You know, like the rest of us 6,775,235,700 who all come from the same 
place (Relatively) because there is no such thing as a correct religion. 
They're all just similar methods our brains use to fabricate a coping 
mechanism so we don't have to live with the thought that our lives are 
minuscule and there is no infinite afterlife.@dudekaus When we say that we are "The One True Religion" it doesn't mean 
that all the others don't have elements of the truth in them. We just say 
that we have the fulness of Christ's gospel. That is all. Similarly. Not 
all religions teach the same things. Eastern religions talk about spiritual 
self-enlightenment as the highest attainment. That is not the same as 
"Being perfect as my Father is Perfect". It's like saying that an art 
school is the same as a business school.@TheBMXracer445 Maybe because we out-breed everyone else? Simple rule of 
survival my friend. Everyone else stops having children, we keep having 
lots of children, inevitably one side looses out.Chuck Norris does all of this... and I'm a Atheist@Battlefieldcom384 Oh it doesn't does it? Did you not watch the video? 
Material things aren't what makes his life awesome.Stan, you are so cool! Keep up your work!I wonder if he's the same Stan Checketts who owns Real Salt Lake.I used to be really into roller coasters so when I saw this ad on FB I was 
like, 'Stan Checketts... Wait a minute.' Pulled out an old roller coaster 
book and yep, same guy. why do people hold such an ignorant hate towards mormons? like seriously, 
he has a sick job, he is living a good life (religion aside) and he is just 
a successful person, but since hes mormon hes dumb and moromns are taking 
over our world... people who hate mormons dont know anything about the 
religion or what its about, stoop hating because it may be mormon who is 
fixing your teeth, who is your doctor, or in this case who is designing the 
rides that everyone loves...stop being so ignorant.@wwparks08 rich? no, just a desire to believe and lots of faith in God. 
money can't buy you happiness. @ace1122tw My dad felt those connections to God even without organized 
religion--but when he found the Mormon Church it was like that connection 
was magnified.@ZackTM21 If you belonged to a group that was continuously stereotyped and 
misunderstood and criticized for things that weren't true about that group, 
you would likely agree that perhaps there should be some effort to try and 
correct those misconceptions. That's what these videos are trying to do.@wwparks08 Nope, otherwise I wouldn't be able to be one!@TheBMXracer445 MWAHAHAHAHA. It's part of our diabolical plan! lol. But 
seriously these videos just try to show we don't fit the stereotypes that 
many have of Mormons.it's funny, they have to make there own youtube vids like this is an add 
campaign or something. u have to be rich to be mormon????Awesome VideoSome of you don't understand. But someday you will. And that will be a 
glorious day for you.Why are Mormons taking over our world!?!?!?!?!Trust me, he worked himself silly for it... He doesn't quit. Truly someone 
to look up to.Love this guy! (But The Rocket makes me woozy.)He doesn't even realize what he feels is his connection to god, a 
connection you can get without a religion.I am extremely envious of this man. 