Awesome kare! She's been through the same things I have! Well...except the world squash 
champion bit. This Life! You are currently locked in ... even tho you actually CHOSE to 
be locked down here on earth for a period! ;)These videos are very inspiring. They make me feel good...they give me hope 
in this day and age...2013. Thanks for posting...keep them coming.If god is the key, where is the lock?good video sister Love this one! What an inspiration you are for all of us mothers who judge 
ourselves too hard. Thank you for sharing your story!Wow this women unlocked the key to Depression. She turned to God and he is 
the key. if anyone knows the song in the background, please do tell... "i wish i 
could tell you how i wish i could measure your mood..." goes perfect with 
the video. great job leilani! im glad shes found peace and happiness."Why do you need to show us that?" We are trying to do away with the old 
stereotypes people have about Mormons, 'Polygamists, Devil worshipers, 
Uptight Business men (or Bums, depending on who you ask), or people 
completely completely obsessed with the B.O.M. (Book Of Mormon). "you make 
yourself even more weird by trying to do that." People consider us weird 
either way, so what's the real harm in stating that we are Mormon, I am a 
Mormon, and I'm proud to Say it every day, or every other day.I like these videos, they inspire, I choose to watch them.Thank you.@bananaanna71099 Why do you need to show us that? you make yourself even 
more weird by trying to do that. Just a tip. Ya, when you are in a sport or a profession you get feedback all the time. 
It's a little harder when you're at home, you don't get the kudos when you 
do a good job, etc. Congrats to you for working so hard to make it work. 
Seeing how the kids do as adults with the strength you showed them is going 
to be your pay off!@pupmommydad you idiot. Doesnt matter wether they are Mormons, Catholics, 
Christians or what ever they are all Human like the rest of us. You sad sad 
person. She is explaining that she was going through Depression and what it 
is like. Alot of people out there are suffering like she was. She's not 
trying to convert anyone. I guess your a Yank you probably wouldnt 
understand. Bloody typical. Kia Kaha Leilani. anyone know the song on this video?Inspirational! Your kids are beautiful. Thanks for sharing!@NilsKills Haters gonna hate.Great story, may God bless you. @NilsKills Which is, at least to some is the definition of success in life. 
Raising the future generations seems like a much bigger accomplishment to 
me than making money. But, to each his own.when we are honest in every way , we are able to enjoy peace of mind and 
maintain self-respect... I believe this to be true:)@NilsKills We are blessed by the covenants we make and keep:) Rom1:16i love this story...@CRE8TEZ ummm... yeah all you gotta do is go to mormon.org and look on how 
to contact some missionaries in your area.... hope all goes well for youand im an atheistShe is good.Yes This is soo inspiring! I like how you say that it's not always to 
overcome, it's sometimes just enduring, and that your problems don't make 
you less of a person! Hope is hard to have, but you found it! So amazing!Leilani!!! What an awe inspiring story you share :) Thank you for having 
the courage to say what lots of 'real' mothers out there are feeling!! You 
are a fantastic example to me.. God bless you and your beautiful whanau xxxOh god... now the mormons are on the internet.You are an inspiration sister! LDS Forever!