Hello Kenneth and Christine, Thank you for sharing a piece of yourselves. 
 You are two beautiful people and a real inspiration.  May you alway hold 
each other close.﻿Ken was a great example to Elder Dixon Winn when he served there, this is a 
great video we have watched it over and over. ﻿Stop indirectly advertising by covering it up with romanticism.i go to this kind of church in Falkirk scotland (edinburgh stake)well duh, you can't just go into a hindi temple either. Interview Austin Collie thanks!!!!! :)Non-Mormons (latter-day Saints) are not allowed inside the Temple, where 
the sealing ceremonies of husbands and wives take place, however Anyone can 
attend a wedding servie in a Mormon chapel or a civil service held anywhere 
else. Ini Ireland for example, Latter-day Saints are usually married twice 
so to speak, once in a chapel or registery office where everyone can 
attend, including non-LDS family etc and then the Temple marriage is held 
the next day at the Temple.I would recommend visting mormon.org. Also, if you are interested, you can 
find the LDS meeting house closest to you. Explaining it all at once here, 
would be too much I'm afraid. I'm not atheist. Agnostic. Christian. Hindu or Jewish or any other of the 
made up religions out there. If you have to categorise me... I am a free 
thinker. If you can show me something exists. Evidence it. Then I will 
believe it. In fact I won't need to 'believe' I will 'know'. I don't 
believe in the afterlife. Evidence suggests to me that being born is like 
waking up having never gone to sleep. Dying is like going to sleep and 
never waking up. Eternal unconscious rest. I like the sound of that.mormons are christians, but just a type of christianity.sorry damm keyboard....as i was saying im a catholic and would like to know 
what the mormon faith is in detail anyone willing to explain to meim a catholic can someone expWhat's the difference between a Mormon and a Christian?You sound really educated and informed on the matter. No really. I think you have a false idea of what mormonism is. Not all mormons believe 
in polygamy and there are plenty who let their sons talk to girls and 
listen to music. Do some actual research before making such comments 
instead of getting all your information from hollywood movies starring 
Lindsey Lohan.Bloody mormonsI'm Irish an I'm no Mormon,but it's lovely to see Ireland celebrating all 
religions.I have a feeling it's in Glendalough in Co. Wicklow! I hope this isn't inappropriate but, I only clicked on this link because of 
the hiking bit and would love ti know where that area ia if anyone knows.Respects SirIt's nice to respect each others beliefs cause in the end we each answer 
for ourselves and the choices we've made.My family are not members of the church either! I am so happy to say that 
they respect me and I respect them! I love it!! I love my family! I am so 
happy that I have a wonderful Family here on earth!! Kenneth! I know your daughter! :) She's serving her mission in my town. 
She's crazy. And I love her. :) And she's making such a difference here. 
Those two missionaries who taught the Barber family in Ireland probably 
didn't know they'd have a huge impact in St. George, Utah! The Lord works 
in amazing, awe-inspiring ways.How in the, as they say in Utah, "H-E-double hockey sticks" did a religion 
that forbids alcohol get even a single convert in my country? Anyone who changes his beliefs after two solicitors come to his door must 
not have many convictions to begin with.I admire the respect of the guy in this video toward his wife.I wish the Mormons in my high school would have respected my wish to not 
become a Mormon, but instead they shunned me.Fer may its a lil pace of haven YOU TALK DUMB AHAHAHAHA... very impressive and inspiring ... God bless you both … we could all 
learn so much from the way you live your lives. Dude, shut up. "everyone is welcome provided they have prepared for that 
experience," which means YOU HAVE TO BECOME A MORMON. Because recently I couldn't attend my own brother's wedding, and I will be 
prohibited from attending my own children's weddings as well. I am in this 
same situation, and it is very painful.mormonthink , comThis is cool. His daughter is on her mission here in St. George and is one 
of my favorite sister missionaries. She showed me this video and it's 
exciting to see her dad having a Mormon message.This is my favorite one.He'll-o, this brings me back to my Irish roots, so I loved watching. More 
then that, Kenneth Barber, I am so glad that you found the church, and 
Christine, awesome; you are an awesome lady! My Irish English Mom converted 
to Judaism and married my Romanian Jewish Father. I am so glad that I found 
the church, too!!!Blessings to the both. Perfect marriage. I'm going to marry a non-LDS and I 
wonder how to balance our lives and believes. This is a good example.Good video, but it leaves out the part where the non-believing spouse is 
barred from attending her child's Mormon wedding.Great story of love and respect in marriage and in life. Ken was my Young Mens Pres, way back when. I have so many fond memories of 
activities and lessons with him. Ken still sets a great example, and this 
video reflects that. Well done Barber family!What a marvelous couple! Loved this.AMENHermoso After having been married for greater than three decades, I finally 
awakened to the fact that there is no one that I agree with all of the time 
on everything. Including myself. I am grateful for a wife like Christine 
that shows all of us how to respect differences. Awesome lady.This is a great example about how we can and should all respect each others 
religious beliefs!! Please watch the video and share it!! Lovely...!I am glad that they chose to show a family with spouses that hold different 
beliefs. It is hard but I have seen this happen a lot in the church.This is beyond amazing, thank you for sharing your storyThis is so awesomeWhat an awesome couple. They are adorable. What a perfect video after St. Patrick's Day! :) I agree 20000000009% with this video :D 