ok every one mormons are christian! im mormonMy husband had died that same year in March 2010,It not easy but with faith 
and hope in Christ's blessings It makes it easier to live with each day.Imagine my surprise, while watching the videos here today, and seeing Jenny 
here. Sam and Russell were close to the same age. I remember the costumes, 
the smile, his laugh. Thanks for sharing the strength you have/had going 
though your loss of him. LOTS of hugs from our family to yours! I love Mormons, although I don't believe in their books nor their leaders, 
but I just love how nice and welcoming these people are. May Yahweh guide 
them to whatever TRUTH really is!People are disliking these videos because they appear in every featured 
video and they basically advertise the religion. I'm not a christian or 
Mormon,but I do agree with you about Mormons usually being very friendly 
and I respect that.@karlsmith00 It might not seem right for the child to die but sometimes 
things like this happen and they do happen for a reason. Things like this 
are placed in our lives to test our faith. God does indeed have to power to 
save lives and extend lives but in the end death is all part of the plan. I 
agree with you that life is very precious, it is among the greatest gifts 
we have received.@blizzared2 why not make a video about Mormons?! Why make videos of 
anything? These videos were meant to uplift others (even Mormons) with a 
message of hope.This is a touching story. With the blessings of the restored gospel, 
families can be together forever.@CherryFrog321 I really don't get it why make a video about mormons?? Never 
seen anyone bashing on them and most of these videos have nothing to do 
with mormonism just success storys or depressing storys with a good 
outcome. What makes them more special than any other person.@TheOriginalName96 it was her faith in the LDS/Mormon church that got her 
through her hard time, I'm sure she would strongly disagree that her 
religion was irrelevant in her grievance and overcoming the pain that life 
sometimes throws our way. You are right - in that she talked a lot about 
her faith in God, which is something not only Mormons believe in, so 
hopefully her message touched a lot of people watching this! : )@CherryFrog321 You are awesome, thanks so much for your comment! You are 
seriously a great person to have such an open mind and see the true person, 
instead of seeing what others believe the person to be! I'm going to try to 
be more like you from now on!You idiots don't understand that these videos are to show that mormons are 
normal people and not freaks of nature@TheOriginalName96 You don't have to watch this? haha The fact that she is a Mormon is irrelevant.This made me cry. :C R.I.P Russel.She seems very active. Time to be like that.Touching.How could anybody dislike this? What's wrong with someone finding comfort 
in God after they lost a child? I wonder if it's the ignorant Mormon-haters 
disliking it. Hey, I'm not even a Mormon but I think they are wonderful 
people. They are kind, loving, family-oriented, and do their best to serve 
Christ. I have many Mormon friends, and they all read and believe in the 
Bible just as much as the Book of Mormon, so the person who implies that 
they use the BoM in place of the Bible is wrong.@CicconeTwins The purpose of these is to show who Mormons really are, as 
lots of people have only heard about Mormons secondhand and have false 
ideas about them.@TheOscar4564 I think the purpose of these is to clear up misconceptions 
about Mormons. Anyone has to admit that lots of people have false ideas 
about what Mormons do and what they believe.@hkdapplefan Mormons do in fact believe in, read, and study, the King James 
version of the Holy Bible. @MrSpicyPickle I'm thinking the same thing. Goes to show you the hatred in 
this world.. it's sickening..@CicconeTwins It's to show that Mormons are just like anyone else. There is 
a stereotype that Mormons are strange, worship Satan or have numerous 
wives. Maybe you're not involved in life enough or intelligent enough to 
figure that out..? Plus, why so negative? What do you have against these 
people? It's the same as being racist, or sexist.. Grow up.@hkdapplefan A lot of things don't match up, espscially in the bible.WHY would you dislike this@maelismomma This is a great story i subcribed to Mormon the website that 
made this and maybe check out going to the mormon church!!!!!!! Go to 
lds.org it is a great website!!!!!@maelismomma This is a great story i subcribed to Mormon the website that 
made this and maybe check out going to the mormon church!!!!!!!Hey I am LDS/Mormon!!!!!! I love being a Mormon!!!!!! Where do you go to 
church???? My dad is the Bishop!!!!Does your husband go back to John W. by chance? Just found your vid by 
coincidence - i'm lds tooWhen She says that she read The Bible, did she read the Actual Holy Bible? 
or the Book of Mormon? Because the two dont match up.I think that a religion that has a public relations campaign is suspect. 
Nevertheless, I like Mit Romney. I will vote for him based on his fiscal 
history. Great story. I cried my eyes out though! He is just a baby! what a precious 
little boy