His faith to be drafted and his experience through the NFL made his 
relationship stronger with his familyit shows that they have regular lives! we don't think we are better than 
everyone else..we are happy family orientated believers of Christ!@pandaexpressMC I actually think its quite interesting, and in many cases, 
quite beautiful. Nothings awkward unless you make it awkward!The Church started making these videos to show people that Mormons aren't 
amish, or polygamists, or awkward ignorant people that are disconnected 
from the world. There are more misconceptions about Mormons than about 
people of any other religion, that I'm aware of. We just want people to 
know that we are in fact regular people, even if our beliefs or our history 
seem strange to some people.This video is not about Mormons feeling persecuted... but about the 
importance of families. It's also about normal people who faced their 
problems and how the overcame them:)You are right. This video is not so much about Mormonism as much it is 
about the importance of families. It is about universal principles that if 
applied can and will help us to be happier. It is about normal people 
facing common problems and how they were able to overcome them. That's what 
is awesome about the teachings of Christ; they are applicable to anyone :)ofu atu to you gabe God bless you to you and your family. Shout out from Laie, Hawaii!Seem normal? We are normal! lol i think its meant to show how mormans are just everyday regular peoplewe are normal just like everyone else .. its not promoting religion but to 
show that we are mormon and we are member of society very different 
cultural backgrounds, lives but same religious views :) All of the "I'm a Mormon" videos not only show them what they do in their 
life, but they show what is important to them. This one talks about how 
important his family is, which is a key part of our religion. These videos 
are meant to be more interesting than just preaching straight up doctrine. 
These are gospel principles put in action in real life. They are not meant 
to make money for the church, just to inspire people and help clarify the 
misconceptions of who Mormons are. Hope this helps : )Its just saying normal people are mormons The Mormon community is very diverse and it's not just white or Hispanic 
people that are members. The point of these videos is to show that Mormons 
are as ethnically, politically, and economically diverse as the rest of the 
country.cool story bro.Many spiritual beliefs -- Maybe -- There is one PathWay to go, great philosophy. I dig it.@CameronsCinema not trying to convert you or anything at all, but to me, 
all this oppression that is very easy to find confirms that what we believe 
is true. why else would satan who is our adversary trying to bring us down 
in this life commit so much effort to bring hate to our belief? how many 
other christain denominations are called cults or are thought to have horns 
on their heads by so many people... ultimately, the answer to your question 
is yes.to show mormons are normal people just like us :)the ads aren't to spread the religion, it's to show that they're normal 
people just like you and me, which is fine.the ads help to inform and dispel misconceptions. if you don't make an 
effort to define yourself, then others will define you incorrectly. for 
people, such as you, who already understand mormons, then I can understand 
why the ads seem pointless, but to those who sincerely don't know about 
mormons, the ads can be informative. Very cute :)i don't mind mormons even though I'm atheist. but i hate these commercials I know Mormons feel persecuted but a Youtube channel with videos that make 
Mormons seem normal is really akwardSo this advertisement is just to show that Mormons are normal people? I 
don't see how people could think they are some sort of abnormal religious 
group of people, lol. My neighbors are Mormon and they just seem like 
everyone else in my neighborhood.Recently I read a post that mormons are part of a cult, these messages help 
people understand that we are normal people with families that choose to 
follow Christ and his teachings, it is not an advertisememt to join our 
religion it is a hope that others will understand that we are also good 
people.Is the cost of trying to spread a religion worth the hate?mormonWell actually this ad campaign was to have people that saw the ads ask 
us(the mormon people) questions about our religion so people would actually 
understand our religion instead of making up stuff and spreading it around. 
( Cause that has happened a ton)..and i'm a regular person who doesn't need a commerialI do not hate them cause they are mormon, to each their own ya know? I hate 
them cause their videos are everywhere on the ads and its annoying... this 
is not how you promote a religion.if you didnt care why did you click on the video because it shows latter day saints are good people yes on 8... and I don't care. Read the book of Mormon by Matt Stone and Trey Parker.i'm not mormon myself, and with all religious beliefs aside-- i have never 
met a mormon i didn't like. i played football with a kid who was mormon and 
i swear he and his family would've taken a bullet for anybody. nicest 
people i have ever met... and they're mormon hahai have nothing against mormons (i dant care about what religion people are) 
but what does any of this have to do with being a mormon or vise versa?i converted to lds church 3 years ago!! my life has been blessed and i am 
so so so happy to be who i am and yes, i was a muslim from Afghanistan!!!I'm Mormon, and this video is trying to spread the truth about The Church 
Of Jesus Christ Of Latter Day Saints. Its horrible how many videos are on 
You Tube trashing the Mormons. Its not easy being Mormon but I believe in 
Jesus Christ, Joseph Smith, and God the Eternal Father. Thank you for your 
video.Awesome video!! I highly doubt someone wanting to share the gospel with you is anywhere 
close to harassment. Missionaries don't torment and the definition of 
"harassment" is "an annoyance to constant torment" Pardon then for trying 
to share their happiness with you. What does this have to do with you being a Mormon?we arent trying to get moremembers we are trying to make ppl think of us as 
normal ppleim a mormon and we have had cathlics come to our doorIm not a mormon but Im not sure why everyone is hating on this. Being a 
Morman is like the difference from being Methodist and Catholic. The reason 
they are making these is because nobody truely knows what a morman is.because it is an ad it it angers people to see a religion as an ad.... not 
because they don't like mormons because they DON'T CARE.I'm Melissa, and I don't care. Girl do play football...... just not in the Nfl...the LDS church uses commercials like this to show diversity in the church. 
because most people think all mormons are white guys in suits who knock on 
your doors to tell you about jesus. mormons are christian, look up the 
definition of christian if you dont believe me. the LDS church isnt the 
only church to use these sorts of advertisements, theyre just the only ones 
who've been succesful. why do you care what they do or dont do? dont like 
it? dont watch it. ...?@sssmalt Yes, yes we do. @sssmalt Well we believe in a plan called The Plan of Salvation. The Plan 
of Salvation starts with premortal life (life before earth) then we enter 
mortal life (life right now) and than we believe that we have life after 
death. There is much more detail to this plan, if you would like to know 
more you can go to lds.org.@wackywierddudes Well many people have misconceptions about mormons and 
these commercials are just to change those misconceptions. :)@SamoanGurlToops then stop coming to my door and harrassing me because im 
Cathlic and im staying that way! >__< im not trying to be mean or anything 
but its kind of annoying...I'm surprised comments aren't disabled. I don't understand why mormons 
advertise. Nobody is gonna become a mormon because of a youtube video or a 
billboard...@anythingnew He's just saying football is a better religion.. and it is.. 
way better than all of them.Why does being a good person have to be seen as the result of a religion 
Why can't people just be good for the sake of being good, not because you 
believe in a "higher power"? A well-rounded understanding of each other is 
the only thing that will save us. Appreciating our individuality while 
respecting someone else's is the first step to world peace, and though we 
don't like or approve of someone's way of life, as long as they aren't 
hurting anyone else, let them revel in their happiness.I like how these videos make it seem like you need religion to have morals. 
Like a person couldn't figure out that things like murder and stealing were 
bad without it. Hey. I'm Michael. And I'm a christian.A "dislike" vote for this video, or any other video in the Mormon series 
is, in my opinion, a good thing. Why? It is just like what Brigham Young 
said when early Latter-day Saints expressed fears over the building of the 
Salt Lake Temple. “For we never began to build a temple without the bells 
of hell beginning to ring. I want to hear them ring again!” The "dislikes" 
and negative comments tell me this video series is a good thing. Anything 
which offends the adversary is a good thing. I'm a non mormon and I love Salt Lake, where most people are nonmo, exmo or 
even nevermo, but the rest of Utah can be annoying when the mormons get all 
over you.What does this have to do with Mormonism?I don't understand people's arrogance.... perhaps one day they too will be 
Mormons. Go missionaries! If you have nothing good to say don't comment I'm Mormon and im proud!! And 
all this video is trying to tell you rude people is that Mormons are like 
any other people, and we're normal, and we don't have "restrictions" we 
love being who we are, and of your gonna judge us by our religion then 
that's your loss. But nothing your commenting on this video that's rude 
isent making you a bigger person. You don't see Mormons judging you for 
your religion so Stop hating & if you don't like it don't watWhy you gotta advertise your religion? And, I'm a Christian.HEY BROTHER REID!!!! YOU ROCK! MISS YOUR WIFE AND CHILDREN! your story will 
always remind me of elma! (my brother-elder key)Okay STOP WITH THE HATE I'm a Mormon and I am proud... SO STOP THE HATE @zujo92 I didnt see a sign where it said you HAVE TO WATCH THIS. can everyone just keep their NEGATIVE comments TO THEIR SELVES???i like how the mormon religion is old enough for my dad to look back and 
say, "oh yeah, thats not true." - Daniel Tosh I am shocked at the hate. Its just not right.. and YOU all know it.and here i am on the weird side of youtube ugh@ThebossaruChamp Uh, for your information, girls CAN play football in 
America. It's called The Lingerie Football League.This video is overtly trying to get people to sign up for the mormon 
church. This video is a disgrace; it's simply religious propaganda which is 
why it gets a big fat thumbs down from me. DISLIKE!I honestly, seriously, don't care.Im agnostic and I dont find anything wrong with this video...dont 
understand all the hatewhy all the hate? He sounds like a stand op guy.Wait, so there isn't anything funny about this? This is it? Oh.... Repent and dismiss pagan religions that make you feel secure and ones that 
assume an intermingling with the secular world is possible.Finally after all these years I understand why I'm not a pro athlete!i'm catholic....My name is Bob Jones and Im an atheist... vote for me for 2016 lmfao! @zujo92 I care.And I'm an atheist.cool story bro :3 Hi, I'm Jomm I am a husband, a father, a former conductor 
of the philharmonic orchestra, and I'm not a Mormon. True story ;)Thought he was gonna say something good about being Mormon, or why he is, 
or what it means.and the YouTube community cares why..?@Malakaiea No, I think it's just trying to show that Mormons can do normal 
things. Everyone knows Catholics and Jews and atheists can. Now we know 
mormons can, I guess.I am a middle school student and don't so much except play video games. and 
I'm a presbyterian. The video should have been 0:07 then 2:15I clicked this video just to give my daily thumbs up. I do it for all these 
videos. @1000Gunray You dont say"This is my only chance at having a football player." So, in Mormon girls 
can't play football? Oh wait. That is America in general... my bad.@1000Gunray more than that If you cut out the last 10 seconds of this video, it would be 100x better..I used to be a mormon like you, but i took an arrow to the kneeAll the haters who have put comments satan has got into you without u even 
knowing8,657 people aren't mormon.Hey, a Samoan. Head & Shoulders and now this. We're finally moving up in 
the world.After watching many of these videos I realize what they are about. They are 
not to say "mormons are normal" as a lot of people have suggested in the 
comments. The message is to know who you are and be at peace with that, and 
it's okay to share who you are with others. You never know who you'll 
connect with and what you can learn about others, and who will inspire you 
if you don't take the risk of sharing who you are with others. LOL @ all the haters on here. This is the most unthreatning video on 
Youtube and people are freaking out. About what? Mormons? Football? A happy 
family? Grow up people. Don't like the video(can't see why not it's a great 
video) then just don't watch it.