I am in awe of this man, he has such an inspiring story I believe all men 
can learn from him.﻿Love his positivity﻿Erick, thank you for the awesome example of faith and optimism... I want to 
be more like that﻿We are very grateful for your service and your example of faith.Thank you for your service to our country and honoring your family and 
faith.What a great video. Thank you! What a positive individual and family, and great example of service and 
faith. Thank you! :)You have a beautiful family! Love your story it is truly amazing. 
Congratulations for surviving the bomb :-)This is definitely my favorite of this series because it hits so close to 
home. he is a very positive guy... I wish I could be like him!you are awsome, i am a mormon tooooEric, first of all let me say, "Thank you for your service and your 
sacrifice." You are an incredible hero. Your wife and your daughter are 
beautiful and deserve to have you home. I appreciate all that you stand 
for, in your wife's socks, and just want to say, "I, too, am a Mormon. . 
.and I'm very proud to be one." Thanks brother I like this video, about a soldier, a husband,and a father.So awesome to see you guys post this:) aunt gaye and uncle john said you 
guys made a video! I'm excited for you're video and had no idea you became 
a denist . I met you two through you're/ my uncle years ago still funny 
about the please thing, I heard the story and you feel the spirit lol. It 
so amazing to see that you're family has grown. beautiful familyIm a mormon and i LOVE it Erick is one of the nicest guys I've ever met. I was with him in Iraq and 
saw him serve the Iraqi people with honor and treat them with dignity. He 
was extremely happy before the IED, and seemed to be even more happy 
afterwards. What you're seeing in this video is the real Erick - happy, 
positive, confident, and complete love for life. He always smiles, never 
says a negative word, and makes everyone feel like they are the most 
important person in his life. Erick is great person.That was amazing to watch.How can people dislike this. I don't care what demonination you are from, 
this man put everything on the line for each and everyone of us. Thank you so much for your service and sacrifice for this great country.I'd be so scared. Petrified, in fact, it's amazing he can be so happy even 
after such a horrible experience. I respect this man, if only for the fact 
he can have such faith in a loving God, in such a situation where he could 
have died. Thank you, brave sir. I hope i can one day joke about the scars 
my life has left me. What a beautiful heartfelt story. thank you for defending our country and 
being such a great example of courage and faith.I've never seen a foot with no toes before... interesting. Anyways, great 
story, great people! Gotta love it!haha Could you help me get down please? why the dislikes?HE faught for not only your country but you.Gosh people.LAND OF FREE AND HOME OF THE BRAVE......Amazing story and words can't 
describe how grateful we are to know individuals like you serve and 
sacrifice your time for our FREEDOM even unto us here in 
AUSTRALIA....hoooraaaaa Our Adam was done with Iraq, home dating his high school sweetheart, my 
step daughter. They extended his term. They had a weekend. A backyard 
wedding... a quick honeymoon. He left...in months he died. God does shape 
us and define us. His wife went on to medical school and now counsels our 
brave soldiers. She remarried his best friends older brother, who knew Adam 
well. They share his memory. It is sweet. Your body is beautiful Erick. 
Cute family! You have a crazy cat,though. It happens.hey person he fought and was injured for your freedom and now because of 
what he did for you he has to live the rest of his life without body parts 
that you take for granite. Chew on that thank you for serving our country and you were my mom's dental student lol 
ive met you. Great story.I can relate to the words his wife spoke on receiving that phone call. In 
2005 I received a similar call from my husbands company commander telling 
me my husband was injured in Iraq. What got us through was our faith. We 
too are Mormons. This video reminded me how truly blessed we are that he 
made it through such a horrible experience. Thank you to Erick, and his 
wife for such a beautiful video and reminder to count my blessings. He's a man who sacrificed his life, and family to serve our country and 
assist in providing the freedoms we all so much enjoy. He's a HERO... and 
he's a mormon."I got Swiss Cheesed!" Love how he can make jokes about it instead of being 
gloomy!let people believe what they want >.>Hooya Erick!used to spin my dog like that, except i dont think she found it as amusing. i watched for his story, not his religion @danielsnmrtn He isn't in uniform. He's wearing a t-shirt and jeans. 
There's nothing that says he can't share his life experiences. There's 
nothing that says that he can't share how he and his family dealt with the 
horrible catastrophe that altered his life.I thought we are not aloud to promote in uniform? ya im mormon and i dont think that spinning the cat was right -_-I love this story... it's great, i love how he said that his experience 
defined him rather than destroyed him... we can all learn to do the same. 
His wife many also said a great thing about looking at the details and 
seeing God's hand in your life. Great Great GREAT!He wasn't saying who is "good" or "bad." He's leaving that for "you" to 
decide for yourself....can you "respect" that?Great story....he loves his country, his wife and his family. He overcame 
adversity and is content with his sacrifice. I see nothing for anyone to 
reasonably bitch about here. If you don't like this piece, just admit it: 
you're anti-Mormon, regardless of the person.So what's the difference between Christians and Mormons?@ElliesKindaCrazy Haha, that made me smile. (And yes, I am a Mormon. :D )wow. im so greatful for my feet now. about his cat...people chill out hes 
probably been doing that a long time...the cat loves it. like my cat bites 
and scratches me..in return i throw him up in the air.My cat spins Mormon missionaries around like that.Why are people mad about the cat thing?@PatronSaintofApathy This comment made me laugh :)Wow...yeah, most people aren't so ummm cheery after nearly being killed by 
an IED. Maybe there really is something to this Mormon thing.lol the catbasically its supposed to show that mormons live normal lives like every 
one else holy crap people come on i thought the cat spinning was FUNNY! i couldnt 
stop laughing and apparently the cat doesnt hate him because he keeps 
coming back to do it again! :)I'm not a Mormon myself, but I just had to stop and say thank you to this 
brave soldier. Even though he probably won't see my comment, on the off 
chance that he does, thank you, sir. It's because of strong, brave 
individuals like you that we still have the rights that we do have, freedom 
of religion included.Thanks for fighting for our freedom and all of us. However, disclaiming 
that you happen to be mormon is irrelevant. Anyone that fights for our 
country that is atheist, christian, jewish, whatever, gains my respect. 
They are all people fighting for our country, disclosing your religion is 
not relevant to who is "good" and "bad"; and who lives and who dies.@khadijagwen Hi Gwen! I'm so happy for you and your desires to join the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Being a Mormon has brought me 
so much happiness and given me answers, meaning and so much joy. I wish you 
all the best in your conversion Gwen!Thanks for fighting for freedom & for the sacrifices you made. You are a 
hero. I'm not sure how so many miss the point of your story & focus on the 
cat (who seemed to be having a great time).The 180 people that disliked this video should be sent to Iraq.@Fergaliciousfulness Its his story, its part of his life@tiakpark Its just sharing a lil of his life, and being a mormon is part of 
it@GetTheHook Your getting to know diff people, diff life, but they all share 
one thing, They are Mormons @tiakpark These videos have everything to do with being a Mormon or a 
member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Each video's 
sole focus is to get at the story that runs through that person’s life, and 
the thread of faith that is part of it. These individuals tell us that they 
find strength in their religious faith that enables them to endure their 
trials and even find meaning and joy in their lives as members of the 
Church. It's beautiful!@GetTheHook These video's sole focus is to get at the story that runs 
through that person’s life, and the thread of faith that is part of it. 
These individuals tell us that they find strength in their religious faith 
that enables them to endure their trials and even find meaning and joy in 
their lives as members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
It's beautiful!@Fergaliciousfulness These videos have everything to do with being a Mormon 
or a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Each 
video's sole focus is to get at the story that runs through that person’s 
life, and the thread of faith that is part of it. These individuals tell us 
that they find strength in their religious faith that enables them to 
endure their trials and even find meaning and joy in their lives as members 
of the Church. It's beautiful! @sadiyah88 yes because all soldiers go to war with family's yep that is 
exactly how war works your sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo "smart" @sadiyah88 shut up will you? you never sacrificed junk in your life so dont 
go pretending youre better than him. screw you and the mental ward you 
spawned. i dont give a crap if hes mormon but hes a soldier and i can 
respect him for that so if you dont want to be nice to this soldier, go 
spread your insanity elsewhereThat's great that he served but what is the point of these Mormon videos?? @tiakpark its just showing that mormons are normal people because there is 
a misconception that they are freaky cult members. it's not trying to 
convert anyone or explain their beliefs. Just clearing up rumors. And this has something to do with Mormonism because.....?why does this video appear at the top of all my Tosh.o clips on the right ? 
Weird.I love how almost everyone is so focused on the "cat spinning" part, then 
the whole story in itself. It is not animal cruelty. Cats love it!@saltysayler5 The purpose of these videos is to show people that we are 
just like everyone else. That we have trials and struggles to work through. 
That we love God and strive to be like Him.@rcatstott I am SO sorry to hear that you stopped going to church because 
you were being made fun of. Honestly, you are going to find a little bit of 
that everywhere in the world. I think that that is something that is maybe 
one of your tests to see how strong of a person you are. I challenge you to 
go back to church and either ignore those kids or tell them how that hurt 
your feelings. I promise things will get better!hiGood story but i still don't believe in godyou suck! catz ftw!Nice story. But how this has anything to do with being a mormon, is beyond 
me.Much respect to our troops. But I'm agnostic.who cares?@Darkblade89811 A member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. I just want to say that your story touched me deeply. I'm so happy that you 
were able to come back to your family and continue to live this amazing 
life that we are all so privileged to have! It seems to me that you have 
great appreciation of life, and all the amazing things we go to experience. 
It's good to know that people like you are out there. I'm an atheist BTW, 
but I know that despite our differences, we still get to embrace life in 
all its glory. It's amazing.I love thes! Thanks for sharing the story. Inspiring story! im a mormon, i want to thank you for your service and thank you for 
protecting us. Glad to see that your alright and wish you and your 
beautiful family and happy life together forever. at first i thought this channel would be boring but i took a look at this 
video and.. well i will be looking at the others<3 i am very glad you 
survivedmormon guys seem pretty nice.Cat AbuseWell done Erick! Thanks for giving part of your life so others can enjoy 
freedom. You're a good man. Obviously 61 people must have had their cats 
die from tragic spinning accidents and stopped watching before the good 
stuff.Brilliant!MormonPeople like this make me proud to be a mormon!This is simply amazing and I'm so proud to be Mormon. Thank you.How could 43 people not find this man to be a HERO?Very, very cool. God watches over each and every one of us. Thank you for 
your service to this amazing country!Omg! I love his shoes in the begining with the cat! OH MY GAWD, CALL PETA!Thank you for your service to our country. May God continue to bless you.So just to be clear, you're atheist?I'm use to throw cat after my religious's brainwash 0:02 I'm sure the cat loves that