And now he is serving as a full time missionaire congratulations :DThank you young man! I appreciate your story and only wish you all the best 
and every other addict. Jesus saves us from addictions!amenI love the FAMILIAR message of love the gospel teaches. We all have 
addictions we are trying to overcome, what an inspiration to us all.You are an inspiration to me. Thank you for your story,Great story Young Man ... really did touch me. What about your Mum??I teach kids who seem to be headed in your direction and seeing your story 
helps me to see them as successful adults. Thank you for sharing with us. friend!!! you are a good person i have the opotunity to meet you and 
congratulationsValentin, you are an inspiration! I wish you all the best. Stay strong! this video seems like happiness to meinspiration!You are an inspiration to me! what song playing? Amazing story. Song?I also like that bicycle Valentin. I lived in San Diego for 9 years and man 
I love the low riders the Mexicans had back then. I lived on National City 
Blvd. I see that low rider look in your bicycle, it is way cool man. I like 
the low mirrors and pipes in the back. Did you build that brother? Thats 
one of a kind. Don't ever get rid of that, its who you are. That is way 
cool! Amazing. :)I am SOO proud of you, Brother Valentin. Love, from SLC Utah!! Whats The Song?religion can give people hope and motivation to make big changes. despite 
how some people twist it up, the real purpose of religion is to help people 
who need a boost from a source outside themselves. whether he found it 
through AA or religion or his own personal conviction, who cares? props to 
him for getting out of trouble and making his life what he wanted it to be. 
this guy sounds sincere to me. if he says the book of mormon helped him 
recover, i'm sure it did. Like if you cried watching this...It always trips me out when I watch LDS things on youtube and read some of 
the negative comments from those who clearly don't like the LDS church. I 
can't imagine deliberately searching out other religion's videos and 
leaving mean, rude, nonsensical comments.... I just hope that those people 
who aren't LDS and reading the negative stuff are smart enough to know for 
themselves that anyone who takes the time to leave something negative 
ANYWHERE is clearly unhappy inside.I am a mormon, recovering addict, and I can relate to Valentin except that 
I am still in the process of Addiction Recovery Program. It is helping me 
out a lot! It's like the Alcoholics Anonymous 12 step program!He didn't even mention the Book of Mormon dude. He said the message the 
missionaries brought him was what he was searching for. If you have an 
addiction, maybe you should try praying for help to recover... not such a 
bad idea.I hope you get baptized and sealed together in the temple. It makes my 
brain sad to think that you would give up the opportunity to be with your 
wife and family forever. Actually your right.The book of mormon didnt technicly cure him.but what 
happened is he read the word of god through the book mormon and that hepled 
him choose the right and stop drinking.The power of god helped him.I agree I loved this ad and it is the only one I have ever fully watched on 
youtube, I thought it was a beautiful story about his mom and should of 
turned into he stopped drugs for his mother because that was very beautiful.everyone has an inspiration to take initiative and change. i am not a 
Mormon, but i do believe that Mormonism helped this man. when you are in a 
dark place, you're looking for something to help you out of it. some people 
look deep within themselves, others to their family or a spouse, and some 
to a dream career perhaps, and many turn to some form of faith or religion. 
this man turned to Mormonism, and if it worked for him, i'm happy for him. Sorry, but you have no idea what you are talking about. The Book of Mormon 
changes lifes. It changed mine once and keeps helping me today in my 
personal issuesMormons are awesome... Im not a member but my beautiful wife is and she 
show me everyday how great the gospel is...FINALLY, a normal person, not a RICH or upper-middle-class person where the 
mother lives in a luxurious house and doesn't have to work - like ALL YOUR 
OTHER VIDEOS!Valentine is still doing great. He is now living & working in Mexico City 
as he did not have proper papers for the USA. He is preparing his mission 
papers to go on a mission in early 2012. He is my friend & a great example 
of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. His mother (who also joined the church after 
Valentins example touched her) & his Father have their papers & still live 
in Huntington Beach California...Keep it up broI went through the same situation it's a dark place to be, feels alot 
better to be on the other side :D@awbttm that is SO SAD. MY GOODNESS. The LORD forgives us when we repent, 
but the world doesn't. I had a drug charge before I became a member and 
about a year and a half later, i wanted to volunteer writing poetry with 
juvenile delinquents in a center. I was accepted to the program, but i 
couldn't do it because of my drug charge. i was //SO// UPSET. the sorrow of 
the world worketh death. the us government may not drop the charges and let 
him stay, even though the lord forgives him. godbless@awbttm :S. You are right he will keep being an inspiration to others.@isakechaos Merely joining the Mormon church didn't cure him--but following 
the principles of the Gospel and using the Atonement of Christ certainly 
did.lol the book of mormon did not help this guy recover. he choose to. just 
because hes mormon now doesnt mean it cures addiction. nice try mormons 
thoughValentin is a great young man but his past caught up with him another 
way... He is in a INS facility locked with the possibility of being 
deported. He is doing great spiritually and very strong. His family all 
have green cards but because of his past he was unable to get his... He is 
doing well and even being a missionary in the Facility. I have visited him 
several times & he lifts my spirit... We want him back in our ward, but if 
he has to go to Mexico he will do very well there too. ,'~)Valentin is doing great spiritually and still strong. He is a great young 
man but his past caught up with him another way... He is in a INS facility 
locked with the possibility of being deported. His family all have green 
cards but because of his past he was unable to get his... He is doing well 
and even being a missionary in the Facility. I have visited him several 
times & he lifts my spirit... We want him back in our ward, but if he has 
go go to Mexico he will do very well there too. ,'~)I am so thankful for the gospel of Jesus Christ in my life! :-)Valentin I had kinda same story but I was baptized when I was 12 and went 
less active at 14 and at 19 missionaries found me along with my moms 
prayers and tears I came back and served a mission and am at byu Hawaii 
now. Well done mi hermano it's not easyAnimo!!! :DI love this guy! he is one of the sweetest people in our ward! :)