Wow, this man is amazing! Please watch this one!! :)This guy went to Kimberley College today and I gave him a hug! Watching 
this video of him has made me cry in a total of four times today, and those 
four times where made because of Lorin. he has changed my life. ;)This guy came to my schoolTHIS GUY CAME TO MY SCHOOL!!What a legend :)anyone know the piano at 2:30? I love all of the positive feed back from everyone :) Mormon is a nickname for members of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints. One of the best resources to find answers to any 
questions you have is Mormon.org. You can also ask a missionary from the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Missionaries are literally all 
around the world and would be more than happy to answer any questions. I 
hope this was helpful :)How would anyone dislike this? His story is inspirational!so um what is a Mormon lol I thought it meant you didn't drink cofeethis is my uncle! Lorin, you are a legend !Mormonism!! :D I am a mormon!you are awesome : ) an inspiration, honestly I am going to try and be more 
open minded like yourselfvery positive story. This guy is an example!I haven't known as many as you... but I would have to agree with your 
assessment. So I'm guessing people just dislike these without watching them...stay strong bro....This guy came to our school today, Amazing dude. Very inspirational and 
very amazing.Came to our school today.Very nice video Nice, thanks for sharing man. We all have our own way, I think the most 
important is that we can respect one another and live life to the fullest, 
and that will obviously vary from person to person. Take care man. very inspirational. He has turned his handicap into a blessing for himself 
and others. God bless Lorin.I met him today! :D awesome bloke! I'm a mormon I'm a mormon I'M BATMAN!I've know hundreds of LDS People (Mormons), They are the most honest, 
sweetest non-judgemental people I've been around...They always try to help 
everyone, I'm not Mormon but is due to my personal choices nothing against 
their beliefs... These vids are great!!wow. he is so accomplished in life. truly an inspiration@jacksondemarre There are 2 other people biking with them?This is truly inspiring @DirtyJewbz I think the point is to combat the common misperceptions that 
people have about mormons by showing that they are normal, fun-loving, 
sincere, people who care about their families and beliefs. @jacksondemarre Watch the video then ;)@jacksondemarre They're tadem bikes, his brother can steer so he just had 
to pedal. I’m a full time student and an outdoor enthusiast. I’m a smoker and a 
drinker. I’m anti-social, scared of commitment, optimistic, dry humored, 
and usually sleepy and happy. I’m a blue collar worker, and a tax payer and 
a voter. I’m a gambler, writer, reader, speaker, thinker, lover, runner, 
singer, listener and I’m a breathing living human being on a small planet 
called Earth (23 years and going strong). My name is Norm Woolsey III, and 
I’m an atheist. What exactly is the point to this?How can they bike if they are blind?... And I'm an atheist.heyIt is cool that this guy is still living his dreams despite his disability. 
Religion is one of the ways that people can find happiness and optimism in 
this life. Go Mormons!This video made me smile. :)I hope you know that you are amazing.he is awesome amazing! this guy is a strong manAwesome....first