Sheryl you are God's hands!!!!!Woman is a saintKeep rockin' those high tops Sister Eslijng, you are not alone!You light that school up! You go :)Wonderful to see this sister's story.you are just wonderful people! Good Luck, I will pray for you. I am not a mormon and I love this lady!Great story. Happy to be a mormon tooreally brings a smile to my face this lady is just a gem! Very similar, im 
half black and was raised by a single mother with 2 children, i also am 
very close to her and love dancing and especially her cooking lol. But 
thanks for this video, it just bugs me out when i realise how lucky me my 
sister and my mum are to have such great people who always have our back. I 
love being a Mormon!And she was a missionary in South Africa!!! Love this girl xoxoAnd they stay there! And they stay there! lol that at that song ever time I 
hear it!This young lady has the guts to stand alone and do the good works of the 
Lord.Kudos and a very huge Amen!Great video!!! Loved the excitement and enegy. There is something special 
about Mormons. Wish you the best.Hey sister :)find a church in your area , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day 
saints, and ask for the missionaries to be sent to your houseHey dude ^_^, I'm Mormon, and I too, LOVE Anime, Art, Music, Video Games 
and whatnot. But, that's not the church or the gospel that thinks you're 
weird. That's society and cultural differences. If you went to church in 
Japan, they would think liking that stuff is totally normal right? But, if 
you went to church in England, they would have a totally different view of 
normal. But that has nothing to do with our church or any other 
organization. Just people. But I get where you're coming from ^_^great video, this women is inspiring.Whats wrong with this video?This is a wonderful woman who teaches at a low 
performing school when she could teach any where else.This woman may have 
much different faith then you do.BUt I've never met a mormon who disses 
another releigion so yah lets think about that.-.-:)I love how most Mormons dress all preppy. I'm a Mormon myself, and am 
considered the weird one because I love Anime, Cosplay, Art, Music and such 
that the others don't know what it is. I'm the type of Mormon that wears a 
Coca Cola shirt under a skirt with high tops to church xDGod is real for your info. John 3:16 For God so loved the world that He 
gave His only begotten Son for that whoever belives in Him shall not perish 
but have eternal life. Im baptist and i dont agree with mormans totaly but 
some things they belive is true. God loves you.Hi, I'm also Mormon, I'm from DC, and I'm in love with Sheryl Garner. Call 
me!I've watched a lot of these videos and they're all good. But Sheryl, you're 
awesome! There's just something special about you. May Heavenly Father 
bless you in all you do - especially teaching those precious children! Love this! You rock, Sheryl! Being Mormon is wonderful :)i know Sheryl. she's amazing and so are many other Mormons. the point of 
the videos is not promotion of the faith. the point is to show that Mormons 
are normal people. The Mormon faith, like many other religions, is 
misunderstood. They are people who come from all walks of life.I admire all these Mormons telling their story despite the negative 
criticism. You're not just a Mormon, you're a good person! Keep it up, 
Sheryl!What did these people think was going to happen when they put a video on 
the Internet?@BioticBeach hahaha you're talking about white mormons haha you should meet 
polynesian mormons She seems like a lovely woman and this is a very nice video.And I am a potato.@BioticBeach yes they all must die.Whenever I want a little boost I can watch this video of my friend Sheryl 
Garner!! I have to laugh every time I see Sheryl!!what should i do by became a mormon! can someone help me please."I've never met a black Mormon 0-0" "Yeah, we exist :D" I think I might be 
evil for laughing at this as hard as I did.WHO CARES?????? you can do a job that everyone else can do... and you 
happen to be mormon. pat yourself on the back.Wow 830 people are haters and dont have a life...so sad @ravenfeather100 Its a very popular worldwide religion started by the 
American prophet Joseph Smith. They prefer the term LDS though.this video isnt trying to convert anyone, its trying to get rid of the 
myths that mormons are all weird and crazy, theyre just like anyone leseGosh, so much hate on this page...this is why I'm glad I'm athiest...@kisa154 The LDS church hardly hides their believe, in fact they send 
missionaries throughout the world to teach people the LDS doctrine. The 
point of these commercials are for the people who think that Mormons live 
more like the Amish or are crazy cult followers (there are a lot of them, 
less since these commercials started airing tho); these commercials allow 
those peeps to meet some Mormons. Their are ample ways for people to learn 
about the church and it's advertised as well. Have a fab day!Could this girl be any cuter? She is so stylish and pretty, but even more 
beautiful on the inside! Those kids she teaches are really lucky to have a 
teacher that cares the way she does, I wish the urban schools here in LA 
had more teachers like her! People who aren't from inner-city areas don't 
realize how many kids grow up believing they won't amount to anything, that 
their future is bleak. They need someone like her to show them their real 
worth. I have actually met a lot of black Mormonsim atheist...but all the mormons ive met are the happiest people ive met.. We support and endorse this message. Go mormons! Go Obama 2012!!i dont like it but i like randomly favoriting things that get my hopes up :LI have never met a black mormon. @dRevan64 The videos are being put up so that people will know what we 
believe and that the myths and judgments people make about Mormons will put 
to rest and that people will understand that we are just like any other 
person. @ kisa At what point in this video does it say you should be morning too?okaaaayyyy and what does this video have to do with her being a mormon? 
this hardley even describes how being a mormon influences her life. it just 
throws it in like "hey look how cool and nice this lady is. she's a mormon 
so you should be a mormon too". just some advice; you might want to change 
the approach of your videos, because everyone can see right through them@austin78993 good thing, they need the genetic diversity. Blondes are cute, 
but....overkill. @spartangreen5 good thing, they need the genetic diversity My name is Ye and I am not a mormon@dRevan64 We want people to know the true about us and our beliefs.@hopper727rs hahah i just think its funny you said all hell to break loose 
even though you are an atheist. if you did that on purpose:hilarious. if 
not: still funny. hahah @UDKoder LOL THATS A GOOD ONE. Its organized religion though. True religion 
is in the heart not a fancy building.@hopper727rs yet another outrageous ASSUMPTION by an angry athiest.@hopper727rs fortunately it'd be harder to get people to believe in 
"nothing" than to believe in "something". humans are wired to want to 
believe in something. we are hardwired to "hope". living as an atheist must 
be a really hopeless way of life. guess what...there are alot of black mormons in north carolina. BTW~i love 
your hair. keep up the good work at the D.C. school.Sheryl I think you're awesome! Those kids are so lucky to have someone who 
genuinely cares for them! Sheryl is an angel...how amazing is she ..makes me proud to be a mormon@Joefest99 youtube doesnt promote anything, youTube gives people the tools 
to express themselves :)@tmanuel44 She does drive a nice car. Dont forget folks, Religion is a 
pyramid scheme, they get you, you fund them and bring more into your 
downline. Send me money, Send me green, Heaven you will meet, Make a 
contribution and you'll get a better seat.@metavhysics I am with you on that! Lets do it! I dont believe you should be able to openly be religious while teaching 
public school. This goes for all religions.Why do the mormans have to take over everything!?!? :(((The "anti-Mormon dislike index" shows that this is an excellent video. @Joefest99 Because the maker of this video channel paid for advertising.can someone tell me what a mormon is?@hopper727rs Actually, I think we should do that. Get some atheist 
pamphlets and sell evolution textbooks door to door.That would be somewhat humorous if this had 666 dislikes...but anyway 
mormons do get a pretty bad rap. I've only known one personally and she was 
so normal. She wasn't outspoken about her religion and her mom was one of 
the chillest mom's that I've ever met. However, she did get pissed when one 
of our friends said "balls". @Joefest99 The Mormons are probably paying for it to give themselves a 
better reputation.@Joefest99 One word: Money@hopper727rs "Why are there so many damn atheists on youtube?" that should 
be a sponsored video.@TGSteezy Utah is where the mormons are, not IdahoI wish people wouldn't dislike all the videos :(@rantingproductions And I find organized religions blatant corruption of 
political systems to support their own ethical views utterly disgusting. Haha look at the dislikes!@hopper727rs But thats what makes you diffrent from them.....you don't go 
door 2 door.@TheAnimeStreamer We do we are a sect of the Christian faith where we read 
the Bible and believe in Christ. We also read the Book of Mormon is just 
another Testament of how Jesus is our Christ and lord.The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point 
than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one. -George 
Bernard shaw@rantingproductions Basically, religious people BELIEVE in god, heaven and 
hell and angels and devils... Those things don't exist that is why BELIEF 
is needed. And people who hold on to these unreal beliefs will not have 
normal rational reasoning."God sends my friends and my family to give me encouragement" Yes... that 
was totally God's doing, no way they possibly could have done that because 
they care...659 people are annoyed by the happiness of others....And I'm a JewI'm just confused on why every promoted video is of a black mormon..... its 
interestingHello I'm Wiccan.she's actually really pretty..@skinnyshit8888 And where do you get that idea from. Last time I checked we 
don't need to advertise our religion and make videos. We have 1.6 billion 
followers around the world and I have never seen a catholic going door to 
door to try and get followers like religion is quota or business. Nor does 
Catholicism require its members to give a certain percentage of there pay 
to the church. Protestantism and Catholicism don't treat our churches like 
a businessi like food ! i should be a mormon! .. not@hopper727rs This is so true. If Athiests had a channel just promoting not 
believing in a higher power, we would be flamed. But no, mormons can do it.@quinnpainter wow they're so dumb they don't even get your sarcastic tone 
lol Much respect to you and your beliefs. But my concern is why you and your 
religious beliefs and message(s)being advertised or paying to be advertised 
or "featured"? That in itself on this venue feels out of place. There are 
many religious views, vlogs and so on in regards to religion and how you 
feel on youtube. Being featured especially when I'm watching videos TOTALLY 
not even close to being connected with any faith just feels invasive.I 
respect religions. This feels of bad taste,however. .. why did i just watch this? ._. @hopper727rs hell breaking loose?... from an atheist?... oxymoron much!... 
way to think that through before you post lolSo you are saying all minorities should become mormon? yeah...about 
that...just...noLike, I'm so sure!@amatuerarabist Where else to take your theism than the comment section on 
a video about religion? Did you really expect secular discussion here? I 
don't have anything against atheism, and I will not attack your beliefs 
(although I disagree) but I do find your slander of religious people as 
overly credulous insulting. I think it requires a lot of strength to accept 
something that sounds, admittedly, far fetched, as true. @ItalianBandit It's to tell people that Mormons are normal. That's it. so ur from utah...@shredder767 Which raises the question... Why are you watching videos like 
these? And I don't ask to be offensive, I'm really curious. I will say that 
religious extremists can be violent. But you know, anyone from any group of 
people can be violent. Most religions teach people to suppress such 
impulses. You can't judge entire branches of religion by a few crazy 
people. Just like I know that not all atheists are out there vandalizing 
church buildings though I know some do so. No differentWait, wait, wait... A black MORMON! HOLY MOLY NO WA-just kidding... Are 
they for real?