I appreciated seeing elements of life passion, faith, fidelity to family, 
and balance in your story, Ryan. All the best to you and your family! Why does this video have so many dislikes?!?!?!? It's totally awesome!I can tell you that he and his family are great people.Ryan. Great story. Interesting. But... wear goggles when playing squash, 
dude. Really. :)I think it's wonderful that our church has taken the time to feature and 
highlight our members, because we are so diverse in our vocation, location 
and culture- we're truly a representation of the gospel throughout the 
world. Thank you Ryan Wright and his family for their testimony. :)what religion actually does teach it and does things such as family night 
and church bonfires and activities other than mormons?you are just judging lol I am a mormon and yes God comes first but God also 
wants us to be happy. To have faith in him to follow his commantments, to 
worship only him, read the scriptures. What religion are you?I love these videos! So inspirational. These videos have nothing to do with 
politics or anything, we are just showing that there are all different 
types of mormons.@andrewrobertwells which religion does not teach this?@debinasalroad73 yay!Hes a great guy. I get it. But are these videos implying that hes great 
cause hes mormon? Naaaah.... That cant be it. Cause he talks about how much 
love and passion he has for his family, music and squash ball. I expected 
him to say God but he didnt. Kind of dissapointing. What are these videos 
about? Is there someone out there saying that Mormons are bad? It feels 
like I just watched a campaign ad. Vote mormon for 2012... Weird.These "..and I am a Mormon" vids are by far the best vids on youtube. My 
buddy pointed these out to me and I must say... This guy is the best of the 
bunch. Keep em coming Mormons!!@designingpatrick you are missing the premise of these videos, they are put 
out to dis-spell myths that Mormons are socially awkward people and suchHave you ever wondered why those anti-Mormons have so much time for 
browsing through these videos day by day and pressing the "down" button 
time and time again?Mormons are taught to be committed to family, to be good citizens, and to 
serve others whether the people in need believe in God or not. Doesn't 
sound so bad to me. It's so horrible to be really nice, non-judging, clean (health wise), 
friendly, smart, safe, and commited. So terrible why would anyone want 
that? This is sarcasm btw@jordanhjorth thats because you have nothing to learn from atheism, whereas 
in being a mormon there's alot. @hubertushohenlohe LOL@jordanhjorth haha you have a point. but its not like the mormon 
missionaries force there religion on you and then say that going to hell if 
you say no. you really must be miserable if you think talking to kind 
people is something to hate hahahAt this rate of reproduction, they will get Romney elected. Sincerely, a 
Muslim.Wow...So I can be a Music Executive, a dad, and a mormon at the SAME 
TIME??!! This religion is incredible!!! Why don't we all become mormons?@jordanhjorth yeah you do, i was handed an apple pie on 4th of july once 
and on the box it said some come join our atheism movement...come join them 
for what? they don't believe in anything...i hate when the mormons knock on my door, You don't see atheists going 
around telling people not to believe in a deity. The reason i watch these videos is because of the comments.cool story bro great vid, thx!@misjif2341 you have a compelling story and I know that God is aware of 
you, even if you don't acknowledge or recognize him, because I have seen 
Him in my own life. i'm sure you are a great person and allowing God into 
your life can only add to what you already have. After all He is our Father 
and He loves us. God bless, best. @CheeseMclevitz no, the dislikes dont have to do with religion. they have 
to do with MORMONS. and peoples understanding of them. EDUCATED 
understanding@queenluciaa Not true. I've been at rock bottom and it is faith that gives 
me the inner strength to push through to another day and keep trying. I do 
not believe that a belief in God makes one wealthy, but I do believe that 
it gives you a tiny thread to hold on to when all your own ropes that hold 
you together are frayed.I think the dislikes on this are half people that hate religion, and half 
people that hate squash@misjif2341 Makes sense. People who are less fortunate, lose faith in God. 
And all together lose faith in all. But people who are blessed with good 
wealth, and a better life beleive that god is with them. Now I'm not saying 
that god Isn't true, but there has been plenty of Agnostic and Atheist 
succesful men... Like Bill Gates.Ryan you inspire me,cause I want to get into the same industry but in radioHi, Ryan, touching story. I'm happy that you are very successful and your 
family understands why you have to be away. My family and I are not as 
fortunate. I live in Michigan and the only people who are supporting us are 
the Government and my father. I struggle to find a job as much as possible 
but it's rather difficult. I take care of my family by running errands for 
my disabled mother. My friends say I'm the nicest guy they know. I'm still 
lucky to have my family. I'm David and an Atheist ;)I think a lot of people go out of their way to dislike these shorts. Either 
that, or lots of people hate good people.Proud to know you, Ryan.I love Brother Wright this is the type of industry I am trying to get into 
also,way awesome!!! oh and he has my first name go Ryans of the world!!!!Love this! search for Catherine, yoga Master, Mormonwow