 #daretobeamormon  ﻿abençoe Deus amado! God Bless :D wish you all the best!getting baptized by himyeah bro hes the mann!!now when boys turn 18!!! Wow want a ruff sport but very inspiring. He's great. watch it. He a 
Mormon, Love's Christ."Mormon" is a nickname for members of The Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints, and I'm one. We believe in the Bible, we believe in 
Jesus Christ. We also believe in a book called "The Book of Mormon" which 
is why some people call us Mormons. We're not offended by it. We are proud 
to call ourselves Mormons, LDS (for Latter-day Saints), or Christians. I 
would take Abbie up on her suggestion and look it up on mormon.org. It's a 
site made just to tell people what we are.Wondering what being a Mormon is? Check out mormon.orgwhat exactly does being a mormon mean? Wow! Praise God hey! :)1.5 million dollars gave up to serve a mission. This guy is the man.Awesome Elder! you'd make a good Rabbitoh....lol lolCmn guys get it right its called rugby league manWhere did he go on his mission?Im a mormon too and im planning to go into sport. You're a great example 
man lol, he was drinking miloWOOW!! Truely an Inspiration!! A man of God is always a thumbs up!! May 
Jesus be with you throughout your journey and may you change the life of 
many and lead them to the right way!! God Bless!! :) Where'd he serveOh yeah plays for Manly no idea he was Mormon... GO MANLYI love the newspaper article titles...he really is the "stormin mormon" and 
will be a great missionary. give all the heart for the service of good is the most beatiful of all.in Doctrine & Covenants section 89:5 That inasmuch as any man drinketh wine 
or strong drink among you, behold it is not good, neither meet in the sight 
of your Father . . . hes actually so amazing !its great to know that hopoate is a faithful saint ! keep going love you my 
LDS brother :)Quite a man! Way to go Will on putting God first!this is so uplifting -3the scene at the end is dope looking out over the ocean and chilling on a 
bench. that's a dream scene. What is the song used at the end?? I want to get it :)I love people who stand up for what they believe! You go Elder Hopoate! xoI love hearing stories like this!!! It makes so happy to know that we have 
people all around us who have enough faith to put God first.Your the man!!!! Well, as an ex-missionary myself, I'd say this is a difference we're okay 
with.ok... now what?great video my daughter plays and is the only active LDS girl on the team. 
It's hard but she is a great example of the blessings she has.cool story bro. Godspeed.Beawesome video. Love all!there's this thing called evidence. Backed up by the entire scientific 
community. @cherokeediamond On the contrary, you can know simply by praying in the 
name of Jesus Christ to know the truth of the facts presented. If you 
actually desire an answer and seek one with an open mind and open heart, 
you'll receive one.@oursedatedyouth It doesn't outright say it. But, we are counseled to take 
care of our bodies. The problem is that caffeine in excess can be 
detrimental, there are some aspects of herbal tea that can be harmful in 
excess, and there's absolutely nothing wrong with hot chocolate. In fact, 
just about everyone drinks hot chocolate in the place of coffee.@meow0kitty0k lol how do you know? were you there to see it? besides, why 
does it matter how the earth was made or what happend? i certainly don't 
care. i wasn't there to see it, so i can't say what happend, and neither 
can you. (:@JustAnotherGaian exactly.We are all proud of you brother for choosing the right flag for you 
future..keep it up. I live in the US and served a 2 year mission to Brisbane, AU. My dad served 
in Japan. My brothers in Italy, France, and Tennessee, US. Each of us 
claims our missions were the best because we grew to love the people we 
served -- all of them -- no matter who they were and what they believed in. 
Will Hopoate will NEVER regret his choice to serve. Serving two years sets 
the foundation for the rest of your life and puts things in perspective for 
what brings happiness in life--serving others. MAKE ONE ABOUT Thurl Bailey!!@cneve08 I'm pretty sure that on my mission, i didn't live in small 12 by 
12 rooms and i had a vehicle to drive in all of the areas that i served.great example!!! :) - we need alot of you today! MANY ARE CALLED BUT FEW 
HAVE BEEN CHOSEN AND YOU SURE HAVE MADE THE RIGHT DECISION!!! :)@SPECTACULARGE Lol, hot chocolate? @makatowngang No one has said other Christians can't make their own videos. 
We fully support them if they do. The more people who learn about and are 
uplifted by Christ and those who strive to follow Him the better!@JustAnotherGaian It does when there is widespread misunderstanding and 
prejudice about that religion.@JustAnotherGaian If you think that this is a message that says that 
mormons are normal you missed it. Who would turn down a million and a half 
dollar contract to play their favorite sport to instead live in a small 12 
by 12 room for two years with your only mode of transportation being your 
feet? @SPECTACULARGE mate they can have hot drinks just nothing with caffeine in 
it, so that could have been for his milo or noodles, think mate think Good for you!!@JustAnotherGaian individuals who claim to be religious should not spend so 
much time advertising why LDS are not "normal"A religion shouldn't have to advertise that its followers possess the 
quality of normality.we can't drink hot tea, coffee or caffeine. how do you know it was for a 
beverage?@SPECTACULARGE i think the purpose of that whole staying away from hot 
drinks thing is mainly directed toward the fact that there is caffeine in 
most hot drinks, which is an addicting drug...many mormons interpret it 
differently but thats just how i see it. its just to keep our bodies 
healthy and clean is what the main goal is@SPECTACULARGE So you must be perfect to judge him?@SPECTACULARGE actually that's just a myth about hot beverages and 
caffeine. We cannot drink tea, coffee, alcohol, or consume tobacco or 
drugs. Isnt this a sin? its to violent.he was boiling water, yet mormons cant drink any hot beverages or caffeine 
, GOING BY THE RULES FAILThis guy is such an inspiration, it takes a big man to turn down being a 
famous sports star with thousands & thousands of people cheering for you, 
to go do community service in complete obscurity. I have so much respect 
for him and others like him.@meow0kitty0k yes it did, evolution is a fact that the LDS church has never 
denied but we believe that God created this world including evolution. 
Which is where we might vary from your belief but that's ok, we can have to 
have different beliefs and while still share a mutual respect. Best of luck 
to you!!good on you toko, all the best!. Great story, good luck on your mission!wow i love this guy! This guy is amazing and humble for take a break from 
his rugby career to serve a full time mission! now that a manI belong to The Church Of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. I love these 
videos. And i just recently found out about the "ex mormon videos on 
youtube and these videos make the ex mormon videos look ridiculous@happychappy0 thats cool! where at?@makatowngang Mormons are Christians. Mormon is a name given to people who 
belong to The Church of JESUS CHRIST of Latter Day saints. The definition 
of a Christian: pertaining to, believing in, or belonging to the religion 
based on the teachings of Jesus Christ. And seen as how we named the church 
after Him I would think that would be a good indication that we believe and 
follow his teachings :)@makatowngang mormons are christiansi look up to you william :) keep it up bro !EVOLUTION HAPPENEDits great to see people who are really dedicated to go on missions(: great 
job will! hope your mission is filled with many testimony building 
experiences!@makatowngang mormons official name is church of jesus christ of latter day 
saints (LDS) we are christian, just a different sect.I went to primary school with Will!!! such a rad dude. rugby league is not brutal. union is a real brut sport.When is god coming to town?i know where hes serving :P Elder Hopoate is the new Missionary where i 
live.TOO MUCH BROSuch a humble guy, God bless !....I want to know where you are serving a mission!! Let us know!! Great sacrifice brings great blessings.Knew a young kid in South Africa who was an upcoming footballer who played 
for Bloemfontein Celtic, played football against the bloke while he served, 
a real star but he also decided to put his football career on hold to serve 
a mission. A real fine man.what a man YESSIR! MALO!!! DA GOSPEL IS TRUE!!!awesome!!!!!! "mentally challenging" lololololololMy future husband <3 lol That's what it is. Much Luv Will. Thank you for your example. Much 
Blessings to you.your not welcome.Strong AND Spiritual! What a wonderful combination.Much is given, much is required.hes called to serve at brisbane mission.... hes to report to mtc nz this 
week mormans are creepy though at least the ones i knowThis is a great video :) Proud to be a Mormon <3Good luck brother Go Will! Thanks for being such an example. Your decision changed the world! I love this! It makes me so proud to be a Mormon. He will be truly blessed 
for his sacrifice. No sport can bless his life as much. What a neat guy this is. Thank you 
Will.If i get called to Oz hope its in the same area, would love to meet him. 
Great to see him leading by example.