i like turtles!68 miles, your my hero!I'm a photographer, too.Great video! Looks like he lives a great life.@WhatTheHell5000 hey dude they posted your comment man. I seriously am 
baffled by the haters. Why do you think they're hiding something?The beginning made me laugh SO HARD :| "OK chris you can talk"SOUL-PENETRATING GAZE 0_0he has a nice bike :DI'm a person...does that count?hmmThis is worse than an ITT Tech commercial, and those are pretty bad.lol cyclist they all are jk@XxSceneHavokJonasxX Stating that oneself is a Mormon is a far cry from 
saying that they are better than others or that they're religion is better 
than any other! I'm sorry you mistook the video! I've been Mormon for 31 
years and I've never heard one church lesson advising us that we are 
superior in anyway, only that we are to be a humble sinner who are striving 
for better, like everyone else in the world! The LDS church teaches that 
because we AREN'T better than anyone else & we know it! : )@1MinuteFlipDoc You are very accepting, great to see your comment! I see 
how it would seem that the videos only represent upper middle class people 
but there are so many more LDS videos that represent good people from all 
walks of life, a huge percentage of the LDS church live in 3rd world 
countries and these members are never forgotten or hidden by the LDS 
church. : ) Thx for your comment!@WhatTheHell5000 The comments needing approval is just to make sure that 
nothing obscene is posted, so kids are safe to view the video without 
seeing anything crude. The church doesn't want any swear words or any other 
vulgar comment. As you can see there are many comments against the video 
that are obviously not being censored. If the church was not allowing 
comments that were against the church in anyway, would they have allowed 
your comment pointing out their secret censoring scheme? : )@joesphx19 Wow, it's so great to hear this from you, thanks so much for 
your comment! You are a great example of being open minded without anger & 
cynicism! You're the bomb.@WhatTheHell5000 I already saw a video from this channel with ratings 
disabled. Wow, how very honest.@TechJargon Same biblical teachings that say It's ok to sell your daughter 
into slavery? (Exodus 21, verse 6). Yea, thats definetly a higher power I 
want to serve@MyMrlegit What does that mean? lol"I'm a stereotype of success and I'm a Mormon"@dopamineluv um good for you?great vid, loved it!@InternalCompass haha OK, you realize that quote applies to all of 
Christianity...@1MinuteFlipDoc many of the videos also show lower class families. see 
mormon dot org. mormons come from all different socio-economic classes. Hi I'm a Janitor and i'm a mormon!!! yay of course you're a softy, your a mormona bit unfortunate, but I'll take good people doing good things for the 
wrong reason. Interesting how many of these video depict upper middle class 
and wealthy families..@weaismaui because where mormonNice photos! Loved the video.What a nerd@weaismaui It's because the Mormons stand for a lot of values that many of 
our people have forgotten, even religions have forgotten. I am not a Mormon 
but know and respect many that are. I find Mormons to be deeply committed 
to God, family and country. Perhaps that is why so many dislikes. That is 
representative of the sorry state of our country and people.Damn people have to approve comments? Is it because you don't want opinions 
to be heard? Hmm...almost 7,000 views and only 3 comments. You're hiding 
something, aren't you? HAH!@weaismaui because they're saying they're a mormon like it matters to 
anyone, like they're better than any other religion or people with no faith.Impressive!@weaismaui jerks.why do people even dislike these videosI would absolutely LOVE to have a job anything NEAR that coolgreat story! and good luck! and if anyway u can get back to me, did you win 
the race?=[)