I ALWAYS forget my purse. (I get the sippy cup, diaper bag, snacks, shoes, 
kids, teddy bear... but forget my purse)You Rock Girl!!!I respect your point of view, but may I suggest that you spend your time 
building great things in the world (doesn't have to be Mormon stuff) 
instead of trying to tear down what makes millions of people like me very 
very happy :)I am mark. I am disabled, and I give you praise. I am not a Mormon. I have 
raised 2 sons, am raising a daughter and son Tim is 15 Becca is 16. My son 
tim is my burden. So I care not which God you serve, pray for me. I will 
prater from wherever it comes. Baptist, morman, Jehovah witness. There is 
one true God.Atheism is a faith also. They don't want to admit it but they can't 
disprove the existence of God. I believe all men are born with the light of 
Christ that allows them to feel compassion for other beings and to know 
right from wrong. This atheist can be brilliant in every sense of the word 
and a wonderful person too. It is when they close to ears to the spirit 
that they limit spiritual understanding....kind of like on "Horton hears a 
Who."Great comment. Wooooooooooooooooosh. There will always be a lot of people that will look away from the truth and 
have resentments for things that are different from them or that they don't 
know much about, but this will only make us strongers. - Remain strong and 
my prayers to youI've been watching a lot of these "and I'm a mormon" videos and I have 
notice a HUGE amount of dislikes on every video. I personally am LDS, and 
would like to know why people have such strong feelings to dislike us so 
much just because we are "mormon".Loved it!! What is up with all of the dislikes? She is amazing!! Nonetheless, even religions such as Buddhism, the Abrahamic religions all 
share a common ancestor of belief the Zodiac. You see, religion is an 
unfruitful attempt of earlier humans to explain their origins through 
astrology. I believe the best approach to the question of religion is to 
parallel Socrates and understand uncertainty and what knowledge you have 
not obtained and to abide by human morality and reason rather than to 
presume your upbringing and tradition is a valid truth.The point is, they're trying to show that Mormons are normal people too. @QBisbest I think they're trying to make the point that joining the Mormon 
Church doesn't force you to act a certain way - you get to retain your 
individuality. Having faith in Jesus Christ actually ends up amplifying 
their personalities and strenths, it seems.I'm an AtheistThe I'm a Mormon videos aren't reserved solely for people that have lost a 
leg in war or are blind (which by the way, if you didn't know, Shawni's 
youngest daughter has Bardet Beidl, which causes obesity and blindness), 
but they are also there to show that mormons really live regular lives. 
With all the speculation and misconceptions about mormons, the church 
decided to put out these videos and start mormon.org. Any religion is free 
to advertise if they so wish. why are all the mormon chicks on here Milfs! tricky mormons..I see that a lot of people are wondering how her story is even related to 
being a Mormon. The Mormon religion puts most of its emphasis on the 
importance of families, and this is an ad all about the ways in which this 
woman is doing her best to keep her family close to her heart. You don't 
have to be mormon to have a strong, solid relationship with your family, 
but this ad just suggests that because she is an active member of her 
religion, she is trying her best to love her family.This is so inspiring!! ♥ I'm a photographer and this makes me love life, 
and the memories we can keep, even more! haha @whiteboyfromco I think what it's trying to do is say that she is a normal 
person like everyone else, no mater what religion (or i guess w/o thinking 
first about the religion). It gets you to relate to her before she puts it 
out there that she's mormon. and im a atheist Yeah you could do this same thing with a creative, self respecting, 
atheist.. but oh wait, what's the point, there's no money to be made 
through that.... what a worldMy friend is a brilliant photographer and passionately devoted to it. That 
person is an atheist. I got here from Lavender Town's theme. Coincidence?@MysteriousBrownEyes1 dude or girl its saying that were normal people and 
not scary cult peopleThese are great pictures :) So cute.Just because you have a hot mom doesn't mean she's a hot mom because she's 
a mormonOkay, I get that you're proud to be Mormon, but I don't care. When I listen 
to my music, I do not enjoy suffering through how "He's a musician, he 
changes diapers, he's Mormon". I don't understand why they needed to make a 
YouTube and website for it. I don't understand why YouTube makes them those 
ads you can't skip through. Now that's what I call a COOL STORY BRO.umm ok..@MysteriousBrownEyes1 It's not suppose to its just here to show that 
mormons are normal people.WOW L LENSE LOLOLOLOLAnd I can't believe it's not butter. @MAJE5TYY Possible, I had blonde hair when I was a child, as did my sister, 
and both my parents were the same way as children. However, now my sister 
is still blonde and I have brown hair.@InsanityOnABunFilms Not a Mormon, but I do believe I am a good person, and 
perhaps in the future you will come to realize that there are those who do 
wrong, and those who do right, but it's often in the eye of the beholder.@MAJE5TYY They could. You ever learn about dominant vs. recessive genes? Me - Photographer, Blogger, ATHEIST! @PINExKNOLLxGIRL3 thats Lightroom, not Photoshop. Lightroom is $200 Look, she's a great photogropher and mother, but this has absoloutely 
nothing to do with being a mormon or showing how being a morman effects her 
life.@SadisticReviews Bottom line, NO ONE ON EARTH WILL EVER BE A "GOOD PERSON". @Edikae Sorry man, but back in 2006 I thought that's how it worked too. But 
one thing n00bs need to learn, is THIS IS YOUTUBE: The meanest, most 
brutally honest community in the entire world. You can't say "if you 
dislike it, don't watch it" because people won't listen to you, even if a 
video is great, or has one thing to pick out that would make it cool, like 
appreciating the style of filmmaking, they'll STILL dislike it. And these 
videos aren't for that website, they are "Promoted" on youtube@insanityonabunfilms lmao....and I'm a Human Being.You try to promote all your mormon videos by having hot moms in the 
thumbnailsShe has a very pretty mouth.I have nothing but good wishes for this family, but I do wish these videos 
were not showing up in my "suggestions" feed - obviously these videos are 
being PROMOTED. I'm sorry, but if a religion doesn't pay taxes they 
shouldn't get to act like a corporation and do advertisement like this :P If you know you're going to dog on this video, why watch it? Are you really 
wasting your time on insulting someone's beliefs? How low could you get. 
Leave them alone. Don't waste your time on hurting people's feelings.canon 5d- 2,500 dollars photoshop- 700 dollars hugeeeee house nice car 
woah...............why did i just watch this?@SadisticReviews disagreed@2b3the1 Really... so a mormon made you press your finger down on the mouse 
to get to it? Bound you to the chair to watch it? You chose to do 
everything here, no one forced anything upon you. People should have the 
liberty to express the things that bring them happiness. If you don't like 
it then don't bother checking it out, you brought it upon yourself.I think there should be one thing made very clear here. It is impossible to 
come off as anything but ignorant if you slander this mother and her 
family. This is a statement of fact for her life and her family. Until you 
have walked in the shoes of a mother or father of four children in the 
Mormon church, you haven't even begun to have a credible argument. You 
don't know what she feels, thinks or aspires to because you are on the 
other side of the fence looking in. I admire her parenting.@XoXoSakuraKissXoXo Agreed.So if I have brown hair along with my partner & I`m a mormon, my children 
will be blonde too?people act likeit effect them in what we do and dont do just cuz we goody 
goods,what this video is trying to say in its own wierd way.lol.that we 
arent difrent from other people yeswe dont drink beeorsmoke but we arent 
saying you willgo to hell if we do! its just simplya advice they give us.it 
on us if we wanna do itor not.what we do is ask our selfs every time we are 
ganna do something that can harm us or any one else.it soundchezy.. ' would 
god do that'it keeps u from doing stupid thingiSwear!Well stay off of my front porch. I am not going to convert.... dear mormon chruch, stop trying to sound cool! and accept that you are not!Well, I'm sold.I have like 10 kids and i like to take pictures. I'm a Mormon. That's a 
quite riveting tale, chap.@xplayerps2x Like myself.whats a mormon? Why o i always click on these.... and whats the connection? hahaI take pictures and have kids. I'm a good Mormon. cool story bro@lurewars Well, I clicked on this video because it was related to a camera 
video I watched previously. I find it interesting how you are so defensive 
of religion. Also your last bit of negativity is not only extremely false, 
but also pessimistic. I don't see how anything could make me "beg" for 
religion.AND I AM AN ATHIEST. does that make me a worse person?Lets all party and have a good time yeah? :3i don't understand. that was completely irrelevant to everything. am i 
supposed want to be mormon now? its saying you have to be a morman to be a good mom? my moms a good mom. 
she aint mormancanon 5d mark II baby! awesome! i have the 60d and im a mormon only im not 
a mom "I forgot my purse" *leaves keys in the ignition* Brilliant woman, truly. 
Admirable. Even if staged....Mormons trying to convince us that they're human... COOOOOOOLLLLim a mormon! 5D MK II <3having a 5D doesn't make you a good photographer, kinda like how being 
mormon doesn't make you a good personcool story bro.What does this have to do with being Mormon? Can't you talk a little more 
about being mormon.What's so wrong with her being a Mormon, I don't understand. She seems like 
a pretty good mom...If you all don't want religion, then why did you all click on this seeing 
Mormon as part of the heading. And by the way, anything can cause wars, not 
just religion. Usually wars are caused by our liberal elite masters. It has 
and also will be used as a tool of population control. So stop blaming 
people who have religion for your problems. In a while, things will 
probably get so bad you people will be begginh for religion. The woman in the video is like perfect. Beautiful, devoted wife, loving 
mother, kind hearted, and a talented photographer.I feel this is obvious, but after reading the comments, I feel as though I 
need to say it. First off, I think this video is to try to portray mormans 
as everyday people, which most are, and NOT to convert anyone. Second, 
really people? I doubt this is the place to keep on telling us about how 
you don't need religion like the rest of us sheep, you're way too cool for 
that! It's not very impressive, and it just offends the people who watch 
this and hope they will be accepted for there religion.OoCI dont get these videos!!! :/ I want a canon 5d! :( You can post videos with as many harmless attractive suburban soccermom 
bloggers you want and it won't change they fact that you religion, like all 
religions, is founded in baseless superstition.Just because you have an expensive camera doesn't make you a photographer.Why do mormons try to show off their religion so much unlike all the other 
religions?Religion isn't a must in life. As long as your a good person, thats all 
that matters. i learned so much about the religion with this video, thank you so much. 
i'm definitely going to consider this religion. thank you. Just look at all 
the wonderful discussion on camera's in the comments, a lot of people must 
agree with me. 2:01 it could have ended and been something wonderful and something that 
could be summed up as a cheery little anecdote. I'm not dissing the fact 
that religion was mentioned (it barely even was), I merely think that it 
wasn't a point necessarily wanting to be made. we believe in Jesus. And we believe in sort of life after death. and we 
DONT "practice polygamy" or whatever how you spell that. im a mormon, and 
reading these comments makes me cry. so people, if you dont know what your 
talking about, then dont talk like you doyeah, they probably only have the "comment pending approval" thing cuz they 
don't want people saying things they disagree with.... so much for freedom 
of speach, huh? lol I'll be surprised if this comment actually gets 
posted....I'm confused, is this a photography ad or some sort of "Mormon Awareness" 
thing?kids = free models..heheReligion causes wars. Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by 
the wise as false, and by rulers as useful.... Very happy looking mormon family...don't ya think? I can't say I agree with 
any religion, and I was raised mormon...this cookie is a lost one...good 
luck though!"And i am a mormon." -Me; WHAT A TWIST! *M Night Shyamalan*@ferretsforyou Basically these commercials are showing us that Mormons 
canbe anybody that you'd least expect. Most people would expect mormons to 
be different from society but really they're not and that's the message 
these commercials are trying to convey. That being Mormon isn't that 
life-changing and that you can enjoy life while being mormon. If you want 
to know more about this religion go on the website visit a church yourself.Are these Actors?Woah, this actually seems to come closer to the actual look of a 
stereotypical mormon family...ahaha@ferretsforyou Well why don't you go to a church and ask? or call the 
missionaries? @katelynnD182 Canon 5D Mrk. II. Around $2500 for the camra body, plus 
another about $1500 for the L lens.