Actually, you used two minutes and twenty eight seconds of your life 
productivelyThis was fantastic. Thank you.Not many mormans around the world; there might be one or two Mormons though.my 5 year old son just leaned over and said, "she's talking to you, mom." 
and she is.Jane, I totally respect your choice to devote your best self to your 
children's lives. Of all the contributions one can make in the world, of 
all the legacies we can leave, whole-hearted, intelligent, giving human 
beings is supreme...and that kind of person doesn't happen by accident. All 
the best in your many roles. I admire your choices. Thank you for them.Jane, you are amazing! Thanks for standing up for mothers everywhere, in 
all walks of life!Beautiful message! What a great perspective on life and family she has!Thanx for this Message Jane. Makes me thankful for my wife and My mother.I don't think motherhood in any form is selfish. I can't imagine any mother 
feeling that raising any child was unimportant. Your opinion is 
interesting, but I think it may benefit from added perspective.Im not mormon but I've lived in Utah and meet a lot Of them and I can 
honestly say they are awesome ppl...i like how the top comment misspelled mormon @pabanil visit mormon.org for information if you would likeif this was catholic or baptist it wouldn't get nearly as many dislikes I 
don't understand what is so bad about the LDS religionLike this if you ARE a Mormon :D@streetmagicstyle Sure. Go ahead. You can make whatever choices you want in 
your life.@Gegrost. Can you please explain what you meant when you said "Speaking of 
chances, with the millions of sperm that your father produces the odds are 
you shouldn't exist. But you do," because that made no sense at all to me.cool story bro@zionvinman Since it's spelled Mormon, (not mormAn) shouldn't everybody be 
clicking 'like'?aren't the israelites the chosen people?@zionvinman how is that good? these videos are great and if u dont like 
mormons than why comment? u and 81 people are stubborn idiots.@Battlefieldcom384 lol@pabanil Mormon refers to member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday 
Saints, a Christian religon commonly known as the LDS church or the Mormon 
church. mormon.org for more info!What mormon means?@aalsha3 I know quite a few people who are Mormon even thought their dad's 
(or moms) aren't. Jane Clayson is an awesome lady! I'll remember this lady my entire life, how amazing is she.@Bsmack24 Filling gaps in our knowledge with a creator does little for 
explaining anything. At least with chance there's a rational statistical 
explanation that stays within the realm of empiricism. Speaking of chances, 
with the millions of sperm that your father produces the odds are you 
shouldn't exist. But you do, and it would be silly, because of small odds, 
to choose a 'creator' to explain your birth instead of the 'sperm egg + 
unlikely event. There is no chance/creator dichotomy.@kittygobark1 Jesus is the Way, the Truth and the Life. No one goes to the 
Father except by Him.I'm glad she is doing her part to raise the next generation of adults. The 
world needs them.@tamu77095 It takes a lot of faith to be an atheist, your rational mind has 
to except that everything happened by chance...from the perfect orbit of 
the planets which allows for life on earth (distances, sizes, rotation, 
temperature, speed and varied nutrients found on earth must be near exact), 
to the complexity of an eye ball, right down to the cell which holds more 
information than the library of congress. The Lotto has better odds. 
Between chance or creator, I choose creator! @phillip84109 ...Unless you're gay, right?I like Jane C. Johnson's view about her job as a journalist and being a 
happy/willing mom. I am not married nor do I have children of my own. But I 
have learned alot from my parents, aunts & uncles, friends, books, and 
other community members experiences, about waht it takes to raise a happy, 
healthy, intelligent, well functioning child/ humanbeing. Having helped 
raised four siblings, taught young children, teens, and adults, I have some 
knowledge about.......much respect to jane clayson. love this video! a woman with true 
perspective on life. My understanding is that she is still pretty active outside of the home. @phillip84109 thats why i will find my own way, and make my own religion. i 
won't impose it on anybody, i won't make stupid commercials, and i won't 
whine and complain if people call me insane. like this if you arent a morman.@rocaho001 I think the purpose of these messages is just to break a lot of 
stereotypes that people have about Mormons, not to subliminally cause 
people to accept it. People out there have a lot of false ideas about 
Mormons, and these are just to show that they are more or less regular 
peopleI like the part where she mentions she's a mormon. It's very subtle and 
subliminally sinks under my skin. The subconscious persuasion into me 
accepting moronism is working very much. By using more sob stories and 
stories of family life will definitely make this public relations campaign 
work. I will not do my research on this religion and make my own decision. 
I will listen to this because I'm 100% sure it's genuine and not scripted. 
Cool thanks guys, I really appreciate this. this is my favorite mormon video.She has a very decision of her life. She shared me a great lesson not to 
compare my choices to somebody else' choices because everybody makes 
decisions based on their own circumstances and their own desires. I hope 
you always be a good mother.Miss you on the TV, Jane. Glad you have such a great family and have found 
joy with them. God Bless you Jane, you and your family.Jane Clayson Johnson is a person who knows the true meaning of being a 
mother. What a great woman. She understands the true purpose of this life.