Honestly, I'm probably younger than all of those who have commented. I just 
wanted to say that I have a testimony of Jesus Christ and I know that he is 
our redeemer. I am the oldest child in my family and it is hard on me. 
There is a ton of pressure, but I'm glad I came at the right time into my 
family. My friend is moving to Taiwan next week. I am so sad, but now that 
I've seen this I feel better about her move. If more people there have that 
attitude towards life, she will have fun! while the situation you described can be the case here on earth, different 
roles aren't necessarily unequal. for me, it is important that women and 
men get to choose the role they want-- the process of being able to choose 
is what makes equality. as for exposing my children to strong female 
protagonists-- absolutely yes! (i may not want my children to see hunger 
games due to violence -- but that's something else.) my husband celebrates 
my strong role in our family--no question of inequality! i dont think most members of the church of Jesus Christ of later-day saints 
would disapprove of media with strong female characters because strength is 
positive attribute for men and women alike. The church still encourages all 
people but some might say especially women to obtain an education. plus i 
feel we all understand that not everyone can have the ideal situation and 
in many families the mother must work as well.Great video! I love her ability to forgive and her carefree attitude 
towards life. Something every daughter of our Heavenly Father should know, "Don't let 
anyone tell you your limits."I love this video! She gives a happy, go-lucky, I don't care what other's 
think, perspective on herself. I can relate to her in some ways because of 
my parents, and me being the oldest child in my family.She radiates joy, and makes me feel happier just watching her.so awesome! from what i hear, in Mormon culture woman and men are equal in gods eye, 
but on earth men are the providers and protectors,while women are the 
homemakers and child bearers, and i would like to know what do Mormon's 
think when a popular movie, show or book has a strong female character(s) 
or protagonist( examples: the hunger games, avatar:TLAB show, bones)? do 
they approve of it or not? do they want to expose their kids that? what do 
you say if its called sexism? looking forward to a response.this is AWESOME !