Just what I needed. ﻿I'm a Mormon too.  I have struggled to find a woman that is right for me. 
 Someone who would be loyal, kind and devoted.  Someone who is dedicated to 
the values and principals of the church of Later Day Saints.  I love the 
church and its people.  Thank you for your message of forgiveness to your 
father and your devoted love to your family.  You are an inspiration.   We 
are challenged in our faith many times.  May God bless you and your family.﻿It is a Healing power to forgive not only others but also yourself. Thanks 
to our saviour forgiveness is one thing we always have an option of.﻿Being forgiven is love. Forgiving oneself is empowering, and may be the 
first step toward learning to love by healing the actions of the head and 
revealing the truth of the heart.I love how real all of these people are!!thank you for sharing your experience and testimony of forgiveness. It's 
wonderful to hear how free you felt after you forgave your father. I had a 
similar experience and forgiveness truly has made me a better daughter, 
wife & mother.people in this world are so judgemental, disliking for no reason, just for 
the fun of seeing it fail....im just happy im mormon, i dont care what 
anyone says about me....i love who i am..Kristy... You rock! You're amazing! I wish we could be friends... But we 
ARE sisters.... O:-)Inspirational! Mahalo nui.Great example of forgiveness, and how Christ can help us through it. What a great example of how forgiveness can set a person free. I have 
experienced very similar challenges and I, too, know that forgiveness is 
essential, even if the offender never apologizes. Forgiveness is much 
easier with God's help. I feel free from a huge burden when I am able to 
forgive another.What a beautiful example of living your life to the fullest! Love this! What a beautiful mother - inside and out. Appreciated this story - resonated.. thankful for the principle of 
forgiveness and Christ's Atonement which makes it all work - and grateful 
it works for those things that happened TO us as well as for the things we 
do... thanks for taking time to share and remind us.Thanks for sharing your story Kristy! this is truly amazing, im a member, i really appreciate you sharing this 
with everyone, its beautiful Awsome! The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saint is true. I'm the 
member. I have a lot of testimony about the church.Awsome! A true story, and example, of forgiveness. It can work for you too!Wow! What an awesome example of forgiveness. I share the same name (spelled 
a little differently!) as this woman and I am so grateful that I was also 
raised in this wonderful church, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Saints. As members of this church, we each represent the name of our 
Savior, Jesus Christ, every single day. I am proud to be a Mormon. I know 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints is true.i have met kristy Glass, since i live in New york too, she is so beautiful 
and kind and she is an amazing singer, she a woman of so many talents ;)lovely!Obama is only approving positive comments, interesting too, huh?Are you only approving the positive comments? Interesting religion.Inspiring indeed! Thanks!Good"And I'm allergic to cats." Hilarious.im a christianYou're a great character Kristy ... thanks for sharing with me part of your 
life. hmm i don't think so. it depends on your definition of gnosis, but the 
generally accepted meaning of agnostic is someone who is not atheist, but 
does not adhere to a specific set of religious beliefs. Now, if you want to 
get into a philosophical discussion on the concept of "know", that is a 
different matter altogether.Thanks for sharing your wonderful story.49 people hate happiness.Hi. A: Time helps. Giving your pain to someone else (Your Savior) 
helps....but it is hard to go from hurt to letting go...thus the TIME. 
Forgiving frees YOU and makes YOU feel better, so it's really a gift to 
yourself. If you find your thoughts irritating I would suggest questioning 
your thoughts (I learned this from Byron Katie): Is that thought true? How 
do I know it's true? What if the opposite were true? A: Poisonwood Bible by 
Barbra Kingsolver. Music: originally composed for the film.Boring, god is a money making scheme. A fall back for those with weak will 
who are devoid of common sense.John 10:16 - And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also 
I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, 
and one shepherd. He was talking about other people in other lands he 
needed to teach.Thanks so much for replying, and for being open-minded! Some of the best 
people I've ever known were Muslims I met in the South of France as an LDS 
missionary. All the ignorant comments I hear about Muslims really bother 
me, and I try to correct them whenever I can. We all could use some more 
understanding about each other, in my opinion. :) Amen to all you said. Hey Kristy, I just recently went through my parents getting divorced and I 
am trying to learn the lesson of forgivness. Q: How do you forgive someone 
that doesn't care for you, love and abandons you? It Hurts. Q: What was the 
book you read and the music in the background of the video?agnostic simply means you dont know ...gnostic means to know with a 
negative prefix "a-" whether you realize this or not we are all agnostic this was most inspiring. really loved it! This is such a beautiful story and is so important. So many of us have 
hurts that we hold on to, but we don't need to when we allow the atonement 
of Jesus Christ to work within us.Made me cry! I loved this. Very nice, Kristy. Thanks for your story. All the best!That's great that you know the Bible so well! I don't know much, if 
anything, about agnosticism, but whether you're agnostic, atheist, or 
whatever, it's great that you know the Bible. Maybe we could talk sometime 
about it, if you're at all interested. I would love to get another 
perspective on it.Life is exactly as you say and worse. Life honestly sucks sometimes and 
there's nothing much we can do about it. But I believe that humility is 
realizing your dependence on God. It's because "life is bitter, life is 
aggressive, lonely and full of pain" that we need God in our lives. You 
don't need to pray to God to say thanks, but just ask Him if he's there. I 
promise you that He loves you, and if you do, He will help you see the good 
in everyday life. But you have to sincerely try. Hold on!I'm not a Mormon, but I do have religion. Probably a reason you think "life 
is bitter, lonely and full of pain" is because you don't have God? Being 
Muslim, im bombarded with ignorant comments. But the same way my religion 
teaches me NOT to be ignorant, is why they don't both me, people just don't 
know. Its even the reason I'm here, to at least see what other religions 
are and be able to stay away from ignorance. Life alone is horrible, but 
life with God, who's always there, its a new world.Please, please be kidding.Do you resent "happy people" because you might be unhappy yourself. I have 
a lot personal challenges but I choose to be happy but also realistic. It 
really comes down to perception of the world around you and yourself. I 
fail to understand why people take their internal struggles and turn into a 
universal concept as if everyone should exist in that framework. Life for 
you might be bitter, aggressive, lonely and full of pain but what choices 
have you made to equal that sum?This is a beautiful girl with a beautiful heart. I knew both her dad and 
mother in college. Inspiring, talented and real.Beautiful. Thank you for this. Thank you.Good storyTerrific and uplifting video. Great for life's curveballs.I loved this! it is soo true.. all too often people look at divorce as an 
easy way out.. it is always nice to see someone able to overcome the 
mistakes of family and move on.. Excellent. Rock star boots too. Good job Kristy.i love how happy people with good lives are so arrogant. maybe if i had a 
lovely happy life id be happy and want to pray to god also, but the reality 
for most of us is.. life is bitter, life is aggressive, lonely and full of 
pain and never have i ever wanted to pray to some imaginary friend in order 
to say thanks.. maybe happy people should be more humble and stop being so 
arrogant about being so happy and pleased with their own livesThis is a joke there is no point in the bible where it said that there 
would be a continuation of what Jesus, the apparent son of God, said that 
there would come a second interpretation of his teachings. Im agnostic and 
know that bible more than you do deal with it.Wow, that was exactly what I needed to see tonight. So wonderful to see how 
glowingly happy forgiveness has made her & so wonderful to have the 
opportunity to meet her even though I live on the other side of the 
country. Thanks for the upload!really good video!wowBeautiful story about forgiveness! This is what the Gospel of Jesus Christ 
is all about What a great storyBeautiful :)