It is a sweet video god love us all﻿That is the true meaning of Christmas!😇😇﻿I cried watching this!﻿So beautiful!! :) ﻿Indeed this is so nice. Now, we need to unite (all Christians, I am a 
Catholic) and learn how to share this world so that everyone can live God's 
Love everywhere on Earth. Can we be good stewards of this planet given to 
us by God? Can we make this place a better place for everyone? Can we 
consume less and learn to live better? Can we politicians putting Jesus 
generosity at the top of the list? This world faces extremely difficult 
challenges and we need to unite. ﻿I am not a Mormon, nor am I Christian, but this video was still pretty 
cute. ﻿Great video, made my day. Merry christmas and a happy new year to all, 
mormon or not. This kind of messages is what the world needs.﻿stunning message﻿Beautiful video, guys. Also, as Shazam isn't picking it up, I'll be that 
guy. Who performed this music?﻿ #sharethegift  #heisthegift     :)﻿Merry Late Christmas -Christian ﻿Maravillosos﻿#ShareTheGift﻿why does the word Christmas have the word Christ in it.﻿I honestly feel so blessed and happy when I watch this <3 SO happy to 
finally become a member of the church :)﻿I love you JESUS﻿Pretty dang cool if you ask me! ﻿ I was and agnostic until I read the Book of Mormon. ﻿I agree, when you share in his gift of love with no strings attached then 
your serving the Lords law.  I shared today by helping in giving food and 
gifts to the homeless, people in need and anyone that walked in the door 
(It didn't matter)!  And they were allowed to take a lot home! ﻿Merry Christmas Everyone.
Jesus Bless you and i.﻿Thank you so much for making this I am seriously trying not to cry right 
now and it's not working.﻿#ShareTheGift﻿Este video es muy bonito y ayudas a todas las personas a reflexionar y cree 
y que Dios nos acompañe siempre a todas mis familias y amistades y amigos 
en el mundo entero gracias por este videos﻿Amazing!﻿I'm a Fundamental Baptist, and I wholeheartedly believe what this says! 
JESUS is the only way to Heaven. Because of HIS love for us, JESUS 
sacrificed HIMSELF on the cross. Why did JESUS do this? JESUS did this 
because HE wanted to make a way for us to go to Heaven. Thank you, JESUS! 
There would've never been any way for us to live in Heaven without YOUR 
sacrifice!﻿Hashtag share the gift! Merry Christmas
From: "The Crazy Mormons"﻿what song was used here?﻿Beautiful!!  ﻿