I like this video to she how she needed to stand up for herself and her 
beliefs. Challenges you to be strongInspirational!! Great video. Thanks for sharing.How inspirational your brother is a missionary in my ward! he's teaching my friend right now 
and every week i'm amazed at the spirit his words bring. thanks for the 
videoAwesomeI graduated with her brother! Their family is amazing (and so is Tucson!) I 
love being LDS!not 'either'. its really just 'Men aren't complete until they have women.'I'm a wildcat fan, I enjoyed watching you in the Olympics, I live in Utah, 
but I'm a Tucson girl at heart, and I am a Mormon. Thank you for the video. 
Inspiration!i like the song in the background, anyone know its name?Improve, Improve, Improve. Great example of how small improvements can lead 
to large successes!I love this video. She found her priorities, while still fulfilling her 
dreams. thanks, LokiOwl. and that is true about us:)cool.Amazing person! Thank you for sharing your story and the good you bring to 
the world.love this video Your comment speaks greatly on how good a person you are too. Thank you for 
being you. I just love watching these videos.!Seems like a great girl...and love that Tucson pride!!!! :PBear Down, Arizona! there is an easy way to find out!@Yceb0x -- of course not. But there are so many people who think Mormons 
wear all black, drive to church in a horse and buggy, maybe it would be 
nice if people could see that we are just normal folks, although ones with 
a strong faith. And of course some of us are not at all faithful, you just 
won't see any of them in these videos. Saying we have some principles is 
not to say that other don't have any.this is a great video, she has such strength to stick to what she believes 
and what will maker her happy even though everyone around her was doing 
something different.@gymroxy63 The great theologian Paul Tillich defined faith as "ultimate 
concern." If you have an "ultimate concern" regarding an "ultimate 
reality," why wouldn't it be the one thing you take the most seriously? 
Read Paul Tillich's "The Dynamics of Faith." He changed my perspective on 
what faith and religion actually are as opposed to what they are percieved 
to be.While I disagree with much of what Mormon doctrine teaches, I have never 
met a Mormon who wasn't kind, respectful, and willing to be a good 
Samaritan at the drop of the hat. In my experience, they are people with 
incredible class and do a remarkably good job of fulfilling their religious 
mandate.she is a woman and talking from a woman's perspective. Geesh. And she was 
referring to HAVING A FAMILY, not just a man. listening skills people. And 
of course men aren't complete without a good woman, that wasn't her point.religion with commercials..... what!?!?!?!@gymroxy63 Is it just Mormons?@icebluemusic89 I think she meant the greatest thing a woman can do in 
life, is be a mother, not neccesarilly "have a man"@gymroxy63 I would not call us crazy. I would say it is a passion to follow 
Jesus Christ.@gymroxy63 cause it is what we are yaa party scene!!!So I guess the point is: you can be good at swimming while still believing 
things that aren't true.why do all mormons have to be crazy about their religion@icebluemusic89 Men aren't complete until they have women either.I was all for this until "fulfilling my potential as a woman". Because we 
all know that a woman isn't complete until she has a man. *insert sarcasm 
here*haha she totally bags on him at 2:11Lacey!!!! <3Truly inspiring. By the way, I've met her :)