Awesome Bro u r my role model!We are Mormon, my son just passed up a scholarship to enlisted in the 
Marine corp. Thanks for your example! God bless the Corp.wow, my brother was in the marines. God bless you.To show that Mormons are normal people and that lead normal lives. This is outrageous! This man is in the Marines and served his country and 
gets a lot of dislikes...cruel world we live in.very good sir :) i think you are not ready to hear this. come back with good heart and real 
intent and you will understand why we like to share our happiness with 
others who are happy with their lives but could enjoy just a little bit moreWhy are there so many dislikes on such a touching video?! Please guys,like 
some more! He deserves it :Dso proud to be mormon, messages like this are great to watch. cos its great 
to see how many people out there are just like you :)i have no problem with mormans but i dont go around saying im a christian 
no i go to church and dont try to gather more mormansIt's not an advertisement. >.>That does't mean you have to leave mean comments.Then why did you look it up on youtube?If you have to ask, the a answer would probably be lost on you. How can you dislike?cool story broMy name is Luke. I just ate a sandwich. And I'm a Christian.It's a nice story. @Blackblood624 Apparently not.So obviously fake it makes me laugh.@Balmore1Search a Mormon is someone who believes that there is a God in 
heaven and that he still communicates with a prophet just like He did in 
the Bible, we also believe that people came to the Americas about 600B.C 
and before that and that the prophet Joseph Smith translated their record, 
hence we have the book of Mormon and that is also where we got the nickname 
Mormons but our real church name is the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter 
Day Saints, hope this helps you understand a little moreWow! great story! thank you for sharing @Blackblood624 But you obviously cared enough to come to this video and 
comment...if you are just coming here to troll and hate then why bother. If this 
video is so insulting to you then why did you come to watch it? To make fun 
of others? To just be mean? What is the point in your doing so. There are 
ways to be subjective without being so rude. BTW i am a Mormon. Great story/profile of Ian Harvey! What a lovely, wholesome family he has. 
He's truly blessed.433 people have hardened there hearts. @cloudxenxu can u plz explain what a mormon is :vo@MrBrooksGrant . why would you think that? this is to show others that were 
not what t.v shows and other groups have portrayed us to be. were normal 
llike many other people around the world, even of different religons. think 
before you speak. we are in no way trying to prove that were better than 
everybody else.@andrewrobertwells there are quite a few videos where the people come from 
and remain in horrible circumstances.@teagan73191 nothing whatsoever, these videos are to show that regular 
people, with ambitions and dreams to achieve, that have families and 
children with friends and normal everyday lives are mormons too. this is to 
show people who once thought something totally different, now know the 
truth about the church and people within it, how they interact with others 
and what they do in their own lives.I want to make one of these for atheist people. Like moi. Cool story bro@Namssorg1 To show that Ladder day saints.. "Mormons" are normal people and 
not people that live weird crazy lives, They are just normal people Bill's a charitable millionaire and he's an atheist, Jack is a burger 
flipper and he's a Buddhist, Jim sells insurance and he's a Christian; what 
do occupations have to do with religious truth?they didn't put this up here to advertise their religion, Mormons are so 
badly judged by those who don't know anything about the religion or 
history. This video is to show that Mormons are just like any other normal 
person living life in this world. The world are so quick to judge into 
thinking Mormons are somewhat different, their standards & beliefs are 
maybe different to others but that doesn't mean that they are not human ?! 
I'm a happy. I'm blessed. My name is Corina Jane & I'm Mormon :) Cool story bro@Namssorg1 did they advertise for their religion? no. they are just to show 
people that Mormons are people too. The only reason these are out here is 
because people think otherwiseI'm blah blah blah, blah blah blah.....and i'm mormon.great story, compelling and richcool story bro, you didnt win.@cloudxenxu You're not Mormon? 
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure.Mormons tend to be over-represented in positions of excellence like the 
Marines and the Olympics@CHACHAwithBONES How can someone be shoving something down your throat when 
you choose to click on the video?Dont shove it down our throughts man im catholic, not posting catholic vids @HowDoILoveTheee Is it odd that the Constitution was "inspired by god" 
given that the majority of the Founding Fathers were atheists? @cloudxenxu And people like you who take time to right negative comments 
towards negative comments about a pointless video. Makes you think huh?@Namssorg1 Ask all those christian who started itand why exactly do we need to know this guys life story?Cool story, Bro. @Namssorg1 It's not advertisemnt. It's more the church trying to clear the 
stereotype that mormons have. :)@arcvar59 Learn how to spell so someone can take you seriously. >_>@Namssorg1 propoganda for thier New World Order@94Cioppa First off, I doubt he served in a war, the USMC photo looks old. 
Second, over 70% of US servicemen who have served over seas haven't ever 
killed anyone, this isn't nam or world war 2.@arcvar59 Stop spelling incorrectly. Thank you.Well, I am all for Mormons even though I am not one. I worked for a Mormon 
family one time and they were the nicest people. I think this campaign 
though is aimed at bringing acceptance to Mormon Presidential Candidates 
for the 2012 election. JMHO Ray Stop Rattlesnake Roundups YouTubereligion needs to stop...@Namssorg1 "Religion now 50% off BUY NOW, NOT IN STORES!"@Namssorg1 because they feel like they are not treated equally cuz of the 
small amount of members. So they spend more time trying to make the people 
who follow it look good rather then spread there word @cloudxenxu your so right :)220 people are not mormon.Cool story bro.@theschenkenator you have no respect. You dont ask someone that. You did it 
because the internet is anonymous, think before you talk. If you said that 
to a Marine in person you'd be in the hospital breathing through a tube. you don't have to be Mormon to be a good person@Namssorg1 Please respect my religion. We are not a cult. We are just like 
every other church, and these videos are just to let people see that 
mormons are regular people just like you and I, and we arent advertising. 
The reason their doing this is so people know. So, please just respect 
mormonslmao the featured video is "atheist"@Leadman1989 Amen. hahasoooo....did you ever kill anyone?I didn't know there are people who believe in Zeus these days.Hai guise I'm gonna make a commercial advertising homosexuality now, who 
wants to help?@PERPowns I don't think religion was originally created for that intent, 
but it certainly became useful in that manner. It was simply the efforts of 
more primitive people to understand the world around them. Fortunately, we 
now have science to help us understand our universe.Oh my gosh! I think this family lives in my town! That's awesome! :)@havingfunwithmakeup If you want truth go take a science class...i feel like religion can make someone better person. but the next 
advancement of human evolution will be the end of religion. there is more 
to the world and our universe than stories created centuries ago by men 
looking for a way to control the masses. humans have only been on this 
planet for an immeasurable fraction of time compared to how long our planet 
and our universe have been around. there is no need for a higher power in 
our lives. take control of your own life, look inside yourselfI am not mormon but these videos are beautiful productions@Namssorg1 It says it some where in there....I like when haters take time from their lives to be negative on something 
so positive. it entertains me... I'm not Mormon, but all the Mormons I have 
met are very good people. most germans are lutheran. nuff saidI adore the Mormon videos they make me feel more comfortable being Mormon 
because so many people down and make fun of it and being a teenager I get 
asked all the time or teased about silly things about the church I am Glad 
though I have some friends who go to church in my school and there very 
uplifting people and I can really feel loved when I'm around them(:@Namssorg1 You don't have to watch them you know? Its not an advertisement. Its a chance for him to share his testimony with 
millions of people. I personally am a Mormon and Love to see people bare 
there testimony of the gospel. (:Since when did a religion need advertisements?@rocaho001 I have a sneaking suspicion that you are being sarcastic.I wanna be a mormon now. How do I apply? What are the requirements? @1MinuteFlipDoc I concur.How touching. Maybe this appeal to emotions without proper reliable proof 
of a belief will force me to stop using logic and dedicate my life to the 
unadventurous kind.OMG those daughters are gorgeous! Where Is The "Love" Button?These are so wonderful, Why would anyone dislike?? Well, they must be 
bitter, or not understand peace and joy. I am thankful for these videos. 