:) I don't relish in your mistake but I'm happy I'm not the only one! :) 
Amen Brutha!!but you do have an awesome success kid picfinaly they are starting to make videos that show we are normal people.lots 
of people think we are weird and arent allowed to do stuff like this.I respect this dude other than the fact that he doesn't wear a gosh 
diddly-arnit helmet!! WEAR A HELMET DUDE! Once in a while is fine but 
something tells me this bloke doesnt even OWN a lid! I don't care your religion as long as your a nice guy like him I'm a Christian, and I don't see what's to dislike about this video.Let people be who they wanna be. We're all brothers and sisters bro. i'm protestant, and i don't see why anyone would dislike these videos....This guy seems pretty cool. Those sculptures are sick! Nice smile Mr. Decker. :-)My name is Tony, I am an Athiest, and I have the utmost respect for this 
guy.I really like this guy, i love his story and his attitude i especially like 
him and the relationship he has with motorcycles, cool guy wish i knew him 
in real life.This guy is awesome! He's got some pretty cool stories about his 
motorcycles and this is just one of them. and... HE'S A MORMON! 
That-is-neat.My name is James Hetfield, and I'm a Mormon.Well yeah, he was cracking a joke... most people on the planet do it from 
time to time...Pretty Cool! God gives us talents to use, as long as we use them for good!I love this man. He is an allegory to how theist and atheist should 
co-exist and stop warring with each other like foolish politicians and 
crusades. "I can't find anywhere in the bible that says i can't love motorcycles" Ya 
because motorcycles were around when the bible first came out -_-That boy with the bleached streak is hawt.Been there. This guy's got a great shop, and the receptionist is pretty hot 
too. Why all the dislikes?!I'm all for believing what you want, but I find it weird when you have to 
justify the fact your a normal and productive person. Yay, censorship!he seems like a nice guy on the video but he could be very meanprobably<3MY NAMES JEFF DECKER AAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA@L0veSings How would you know if we have "weird" or "peculiar" beliefs? @L0veSings whats so weird about being mormon? the nicest people i have ever 
met are mormon.Just wanted to say what you do is really cool. I am classic motorcycle nut 
as well. Keep up that great work.These videos aren't here to convert people, they are just here to show that 
mormons are normal people too.i just liked the bike (I tried posting this earlier but messed it up, lol). I really love this 
video. I like how humble he is and how cool he is. I love this video. Thank God for cool people like this guy.Jeff Decker... you Rock!!!! love this one. It's my favorite!! something ive noticed about america these days, people only choose a 
religion that suits them if it lets them drink theyre ok with it if it let 
them do something bad for them they would jump to it. on thing about being 
mormon is not doing drugs and drinking and america frowns on keeping your 
body fit guess what? if you created the world you walk on you could do that 
but guess what you did These videos are not put up to convert people, there put up to show that 
Mormon's are just regular people too ^^hes not a true biker@tyewalkerfm1 gusse whos a mormonalso Comment Pending Approval! this is america here we have free speach you 
let me talk or this will be against the constuition and you will be against 
americaim ok with there being mormons but youtube trying to recruit us to the 
mormon faith seems a bit strange dont you think@mowingthefrontlawn Because him being a nice guy has nothing to do with 
this video.Satan is going around disliking all the I'm a Mormon vids...... His son is hot. @mowingthefrontlawn Because it is annoying and has nothing to do with 
Mormonism. Why do they care so much about making people think they're 
normal?they finally interveiwed someone cool@JimenezLupita What makes you think the black is bad for your body? What if 
the black is healthy minerals eh?it's true ... we dont .. and it's only because ... ok coffee what is it 
made up off ... black beans and where dose that black stuff go when you 
drink it ??? ... because when you go pee ... you pee .. yellow .. but never 
black ... lol ... we dont drink it because it harms our bodys hey :) well i think it's to break the misconceptions of the religion 
because ... of all those other churches that are saying there morman ... 
but there really not .... there just using the real ... church's name ... 
and it's giving the real church a bad rep ... @mowingthefrontlawn But he's mormon ಠ_ಠCute daughters :D @jaylh2001 You're right dude, we're going to try to convert people to the 
teachings of Jesus Christ. We need to be stopped.religion is flawed @MrSecretsunglasses cussing isnt bad for your health neither is smokin 
weed. weed can actually cure cancer look at the medical usesesno ones perfect member one love dont hate cus we balive in somthing elsno one perfect_one loveWhat does this have to do with being a Mormon?@Gamecrazy00123 If your mormon u are christian @Gamecrazy00123 mormon is christian@L0veSings ... did u just call my religion peculiar =(@mowingthefrontlawn Some of us Atheists like to "show off" the atheism that 
makes them "special". I totally agree with you, this person is so 
determined for his family, business, and his religion. I liked this video 
and I'm an atheist. @jmshaw357 Afraid? haha... Be A Christian@jaylh2001 copied and pasted right out of the dictionary that comes with 
mac computers: Christian adjective of, relating to, or professing 
Christianity or its teachings : the Christian Church. • informal having or 
showing qualities associated with Christians, esp. those of decency, 
kindness, and fairness. noun a person who has received Christian baptism or 
is a believer in Jesus Christ and his teachings. .....I'm confused, your 
comment is completely invalid. I was baptised in a Mormon church and never really went to church in my 
older years, today I wonder what was my role to do in the name of God, what 
my religoin really meant and stood for. Even so its sickening to see people 
mock Mormons, or any religon for that matter, people have a right to 
believe in what they want to, we shouldn't mock anyone like that.What I see indicates you have a great deal of talent. Take some motorcycle 
sculptures to Sturgis this year. I bet you will sell almost everything you 
bring. I toured the Smoky Mountains on my Harley and I can easily say I 
felt very close to God up there close to the clouds smelling that fresh 
clean air. Even Jesus sometimes had to leave the crowds and spend time 
communing with His father. I found it very easy to speak with God in that 
place. My motto is: Ride safe, ride longer............@mowingthefrontlawn Anti-mormon sentiment.@mowingthefrontlawn its because of mormon in the title.You probably know lots of Mormons--there's tons of them all around in every 
state and in all free countries. They are just like most everyone else, so 
you can't spot em. They're just normal people trying to live clean. That 
alone creates lots of hostility these days.@mowingthefrontlawn He probably is a good guy--its just very popular for 
bigots to hate those they don't understand. They are actually afraif og 
Mormonism. Mormons are just ordinary peple who sincerely try to follow 
Christ as well as they can. That's very unpopular these days.@ThiefGood @ThiefGood Im a bible believer, I have no interest in being 
anything othan that, but ive recently had an interest in your beliefe can 
we corespond and talk about religious views@ThiefGood there is no perfect mormon brcause no one is perfect. Im a bible 
believer, I have no interest in being anything othan that, but ive recently 
had an interest in your beliefe can we corespond and talk about religious 
viewsBYU@hotlittledago (quote from you) "i look for acceptance of others" the 
church of jesus christ of latter saints is a perfect place for youHe seems like a nice guy and I'd probably get along with him great. I have 
nothing against The Mormon Faith, Mormons or this man, but I think this 
video series is only going to make some people dislike them. It's kind of 
like Propaganda. How about instead, you do what everyone else does and you 
destroy stereotypes by...you know...just going on living your life 
normally. No need to make a series of videos about it.I never knew Mormons were bad?so?@mowingthefrontlawn The dislikes are from narrowminded people. It's because 
he's a Mormon, I'd be willing to bet anything. Personally, I've been an 
atheist all my life and I still see absolutely no reason to believe in any 
gods of any kind. That said, this guy appears to be a very decent guy, and 
in addition to that, he's incredibly talented. Hey, Jeff....way to go, 
dude! You've definitely got the eye of an artist....and you're probably a 
hell of a rider too!Im tired of seeing so this video on the side bar!!!!!!! If i click it will 
it go away!?!?!?!!?!@jaylh2001 hahahahahhaha Man thats funny we are Christians we believe in 
Christ and use the King James Version Bible. Tell me thats not Christian 
and you will be proven wrong further than you already are.Yeah, just my neighbor. No big deal. Such an awesome family. His son went 
to Italy and did an internship with Ferrari. True Story.Mormons aren't bad people, they just have some peculiar religious beliefs. 
Just like all religions, they believe and do weird things in the name of 
God. But who are we to judge them, everyone has the right to believe 
whatever they wanna believe. More power to this guy and anyone who chooses 
this or any path in life. Remember it is their life.@jaylh2001 HOW ARE WE NOT CHRISTANS!??!?! We do believe in christ.@mowingthefrontlawn i agree with you what is wrong with this video i love 
it and im proud to b mormon why all the dislikes@mowingthefrontlawn It's because he's religious. 2:02 i think that kid is sleepyI like how it starts off showing his butt. Good job Mormons. mormons have come to youtube, beware. Something witty about Magnets.@mowingthefrontlawn he does seem like a good guy, and he's got great taste 
in bikes (if I do say so myself!), but it's the Mormon endorsment that gets 
the negatives.Seems like a cool guy except that he's a Mormon.Great guy but who cares if he's a Mormon? That can be any guy. Are they 
trying to say only Mormons can be this nice and cool? Why do people even 
think that way? Why are we separating ourselves based on silly belief 
systems? Honestly it just creates more man-made and unnecessary divides 
between us. People need to wake up already and see organized religion for 
what it is. If there is a creator, let's put it this way...it definitely 
won't be something humans made up. @palimony Check out 1:14 :)i personally am deeply Metaphysicist/Pantheistic/Animistic (proper term may 
not exist) -Pagan, and i must say all the Mormons i've known personally are 
among the most rational and respectful Christians (or even just people) 
i've known. i believe one was in a metal band tho i never heard any of 
their music. granted none have ever happened to be wearing shiny metal 
nametags & carrying clipboards, just yet anyway. the issue at hand there is 
one i happily go into in private conversation. Namaste.Great. Another reformed Christian denomination missionary movement.@mowingthefrontlawn probably because the mormons are advertising 
themselves? I mean what the hell, what kind of religion advertises on 
YouTube?? I mean that's just a bit ridiculous Cool Guy, Cool bikes too. Good for you Morman man. Your family looks happy 
and healthy too. Keep on doin' what your doin'I don't understand why this video has so many dislikes. He seems like a 
nice guy.@palimony 1:12Are you a Mormon?that's great!!!! 