And here I was, Yvette, thinking that I was surely the best middle school 
maths tutor aroundLol! Fortunately, I only have to be the best in Australia 
Ha ha HA! ... cause we're 'in the middle of an island, in the middle of the 
ocean' ;) ...and I'm a Mormon :)Shes inspiring. Ya... sometimes are life isn't a cookie-cutter life, Or the 
way we planed it, And we just have to keep going. It helps when God is in 
our lives.Yvette, congratulations on the recognition you've received for your 
teaching. Teachers are key influences in all of our lives. I love that you 
are open about the role your faith plays in your life. Wishing you 
continued success and fulfillment in all your endeavours! -- a fellow avid 
teacher :)And to add to that check out fairlds.org. All those falsehoods & 
misrepresented interpretations of the history are corrected with 
well-documented & researched facts.these videos are so great, it's awesome to see what typical LDS members are 
really like, not just what is shown on TV or what is rumored to be true. 
Loved this one, I wish there were a million more teachers like her!Be proud of what you are!Actually, you should look into the history of the church, you just need to 
be careful of the writer of the historical book. Just like there were mobs 
who tried to hurt early members of the church, there is literature designed 
to harm us now. The church authorities have recorded a thorough and honest 
history and I would look there first. Even great writers like Sir Arthur 
Conan Doyle were fooled by slanderous rumors and regretted painting 
"mormons" in a dark light. She was my math teacher in 8th grade. @DAI3792 That's olive oil. I have the same bottle at my house.....AND I'M A UNICORNThese videos are on a voluntary basis. We make these videos as a way to 
share our testimony with others. It's self expression and to say its 
propaganda is incorrect. You're choosing to watch the videos.0, they aren't 
being forced upon you. If you have questions about the LDS church please 
visit Mormon.org to get info on our beliefs. We share openly and don't hide 
our beliefs from the world.@dapx32 Hi Dapx32. What would you like to know? :)@dapx32 If you found this video then you can find the thousands of others 
that are solely based on LDS Doctrine! These videos are accually the 
exception to the lds material on youtube! MS. Y!!! EIGHT GRADE MATH.... So long ago.@dapx32 I'll tell you why. These commercials are just to get you interested 
in Mormonism, or maybe help some people get over false stereotypes of 
Mormons. If you want to find out what Mormons believe in, go to church and 
talk to a missionary. Mormons are all really nice and would be glad to help 
if you're interested. Basically, Mormons are Christians that also believe 
in the Book of Mormon, which is another testament of Christ.@rabidsushi The comment censoring is to make sure that nothing obscene is 
posted, so kids are safe to view the video without seeing anything crude. 
As you can see there are many comments against the video that are obviously 
not being censored. If the church was not allowing comments that were 
against the church in anyway, would they have allowed your comment pointing 
out their secret censoring scheme? There is no propaganda, just complete 
honestly! I'm Mormon & everything in the vid is true : )@madtownband There are a lot of Mormons over 21 without kids, I'm 31, 
Mormon and have been married for over 8 years and don't have kids. When, if 
and how many kids a couple has is completely up to them - the LDS church 
doesn't have any specific rules on the matter. I get the humor in your 
comment though, pretty funny!@cinemaspaz No not at all! How did you get that from this video or any 
other LDS/Mormon video?!? It's fabulous that you are such a good person who 
supports your community, I wish everyone in the world was a little more 
like you! And you would be hard-pressed to find a Mormon that agreed with 
your statement. None of the LDS videos compare us to anyone else, just 
trying to spread some good & happiness around!@cinemaspaz appearently to who? the 2 thumbs up that you want to get? stfu.@cinemaspaz hahahahaha wow your just looking for a fight. no ones said you 
were my friend@DAI3792 Nope. Olive oil.This is impossible. A mormon over the age of 21 with no kids.@BadHairsRevenge People that don't like Mormons probablyhaha was it just me or did i see a bottle of wine at 0:47?Great video. Wish more people were like her.To whoever disliked this video: Do you hate Mormons or teachers? Because 
clearly this woman isn't doing anything to harm the world.She was my math teacher... I had no idea she was a Mormon... Ms. Y? What..?I'm Vietnamese American, I'm a scientist, and I am a Mormon. I used to 
think being a Catholic was always go to mass services with family and 
friends. I did not have a close relationship with the Lord until my best 
friend introduced me to the true Gospel. Today, my perspective on life has 
changed. I live my faith by serving and loving others. God has a plan for 
everyone. Without my Heavenly Father, I would not be who I am today. I believe there is something wrong with the people who would give these 
videos a thumbs down - something wrong at the very core of their beings. I 
am not a mormon, or christian, and I can not see any reason to 'dislike' 
this video. Well, it's a good thing that there's a few different ways to 
fix a person with a dysfunctional core.If nothing else, these videos deserve thumbs up for being well-made.Who are these Ebenezer Scrooges who don't like this video? go powerNice!OK, just for the hell of it......do one video on magnets for the trolls. It 
would be a hoot.Way to go Yvette! So proud of you and your accomplishments. We need more good math teachers."Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to 
become what they are capable of being." - GoetheI love you Yvette! Thanks for tutoring me in high school!Good for you! Many of us don't fit into the cookie cutter shape. :)