Keep teaching, Keep bringing people to Christ!!What a blessing he is for mothers and babies and children around the world.Actually, these videos have EVERYTHING to do with being a 'Mormon'. They 
show that we are productive, outreaching, good citizens wherever we live. 
They show who we are. A very diverse people who care about the world and 
their neighbors. I am a wife, mom of 5, grandma of 6, website manager, 
humanitarian crafter, and I am a MORMON! :)Exactly... you don't have to talk about it, you just have to show it. This 
man SHOWS his Christ-like love. Wonderful video!A lot of people seem to misunderstand the "I'm a Mormon" videos. You see, 
there is a lot of heresay about the LDS members. Like that they are 
polygamists, worship Joseph Smith, that their temples are spaceships, they 
all hide inside caves in Salt Lake City or any other rediculous rumors. 
These videos reach out to people who have stereotypes about the Church. @Yaz888 PROBABLY THOSE HO CARE ABOUT THEMSELVES ONLY!!! THOSE KIND OF 
PEOPLE MAKES ME WONDER "WHERE HAS THE WORLD GONE"!!! I AM A SIBLING, A 
FRIEND, A FOOTBALL PLAYER, A SISTER, AND I AM A MORMON!!!!@980engelben Actually, there are no such studies. I have been an ER nurse 
27+ years. In my experience the finest providers are brilliant, intuitive, 
and open to find a better way to provide care for others. Some of the 
greatest physicians acknowledge they've been inspired or have felt unseen 
hands guiding them in their finest or most difficult cases. When MY life is 
in the balance give me a doctor or nurse who recognizes the presence of God 
every time over some hotshot that thinks it's all them!Once you get stuck in the mormon videos, you can't get out...@Yaz888 It's because these videos have nothing to do with being mormon. 
Cool he helps people....now he's advertising for mormons. I don't see any 
other religious advertisements! @Yaz888 Amazing video and he has a rewarding job. I dont give a dam hes a 
mormon, it was pointless to say it at the end. Is the message suppose to 
make one think "i snap i wanna do what this guy does! Do I have to be a 
Mormon to do so?". So I disliked.Have you ever wondered why those anti-Mormons have so much time for 
browsing through these videos day by day and pressing the "down" button 
time and time again?What could be more precious than trying to help newborn babies. I am 
expecting my first child and I am so glad that this guy helps new babies 
all over the world.@980engelben And how many times has your father traveled the world to teach 
midwives to save children?@980engelben Studies show that that 980engelben likes to make stuff up on 
youtube comment pages. I challenge you to cite one reputable study 
indicating that non-religious physicians perform better. It shouldn't be to 
hard as you have implied that there are a plurality.148 Dislikes, wow alot of people hate helping others. Sure it gets annoying seeing this in every other suggestion bar, but wow 
i'm starting to think theres one person using a bot to dislike these 
videos, this is weird.I agree. There is nothing to dislike here. This guy is amazing! :)I agree with the comment below meThis is a great video, what cute little babies. 