You da man Paris! I am so proud of you.i wanted to see his Ping-Pong domination to see how good he really is, I've 
been playing since I could hold a paddle and have gotten pretty good over 
the yrs., especially on my mission on p-days when I played in best-of 
tournaments, only lost once, so i'd like to see this guy's skillsParis is one of my friends at college! He's totally rad! Served an 
honorable mission in the British isles. LOVE YOU MAN!Great story full of hope for everyone.Why worry about it. It's a wonderful story about a young man's relationship 
with his mom and with God. I think it is wonderful! .And Paris - you are a very dear friend to me way down here in New Zealand. What is to downvote about this? I am trying desperately to bring this kind 
of hope to kids in the inner city and the elevation that this young man 
experienced, rising above his circumstances as a result of a new love and 
trust in himself and God, is nothing short of a miracle. I am so lifted, 
myself, by his story. I am proud of him for sharing it. Thank you, Paris. 
God already has your eternal mate, he is preparing her, too. I will pray 
for you both! :) What an inspiring story. Christ lives and loves us all! Thankful for that 
knowledge,You mean all the videos on the right there? Yeah, that is weird. Try the 
search field or the home button.I know what you mean. Every Sunday I just watch them all day.This guy's likeable. I love being Mormon because I am taught to love everyone and to never judge.I love what Paris says about the peace that he found. It is something that 
I find over and over again through the ups and downs of life when I 
remember to turn to God and to Jesus Christ. They truly know each of us 
individually, regardless of our personal beliefs, and they do love us. I am 
also a Mormon, and I am grateful for my relationship with Christ and the 
strength it gives me. that's a beautiful story Paris. Thanks for sharing.I have met this man-- he's on his mission and he's hilarious :) What a 
great example.im proud to be a mormonI am not a Mormon, I will never be one but I have a lot of respect for 
these kinds of people...especially Paris Thomas.where's the ping pong at?Paris! you are awesome. So many negative comments.. these videos were made 
so that people could understand who WE are as mormons and what we believe 
because the general population is SOOOO off in what they "think" we 
believe. these videos also strengthen member's testimonies as well. It's 
okay, Christ was killed and persecuted by his own, he took it for all of us 
because he loves us. and wants us to return to him, if he took one for us, 
we can take one for him too.I think god was talking to him.Why should the mormons read the book of Acts?I bet atheism will never be advertised.well, a practicing mormon probably won't attend the kind of parties you're 
talking about, but if they do, they'd just enjoy the company of others, 
talking to and meeting new people. a mormon is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. 
The word mormon is a nickname that comes from their belief in The Book of 
Mormon. Mormon is really the name of a prophet that lived in 600 AD who 
assisted in writing the Book of Mormon. Hope that helps. =)Proud of you my brotheris there video of him dominating ping pong? I admire his optimism in the face of opposition. How come you won't publish my comments. They are not derogatory. I do not 
assert that I am superior to your vast belief system. Atheism is something 
many accept and is not the same as belief in god, it is not a destination 
it is not a crutch it is only a realization of truth. If you practice love 
and peace than LDS, Baptists, Catholics, Muslims, and all the other belief 
systems become what they truly are: irrelevant. Dude Paris that was the Holy spirit convicting you! God is in 3 parts 
father son and the holy spirit! (the trinity) I wish Christians would do 
more of walking door to door sharing the gospel! But Paris and anyone else 
out there read the BIBLE nothing else! if you want honest TRUTH thats where 
you find it! not in a book that someone else has written and put what they 
believe is truth or that they SAY this is what GOD has told them! GOD 
speaks to everyone individualy! Glory to God alone!@Farbo123 Humble yourself.It was torture to watch the whole video, and my efforts were not rewarded. 
I see he how is a Mormon, but there is no footage of a "ping pong master". 
Maybe he's good for a Mormon, but I wouldn't advertise it.hi im john im a drug dealer, a mobster, but most of all... a mormon.Paris is a great friend he is serving in my ward at this moment he's funny 
and good At ping pongIm so glad we're exiting this near sighted close minded 'God is the answer' 
method of living life. If you want to solve your inner turmoil you Meditate 
to yourself, you focus on yourself and the Reality around you. Not some 
faerie magic land in the invisible heaven 'above'. You want a religion to 
follow, make sure you look into All the religions -- Christians have no 
more claim over the boogie man then Muslims, Aztecs or Ancient Egyptians do.So, I should become a mormon to be good at ping pong?@dinosaurwalker do what he did ... pray to our father in heaven(god) and u 
ill get the answer!!! i m telling u cuz i had the experience !!!!1 GOD 
BLESS YOU ALL!!!how do i follow him on facebook?@dinosaurwalker go to mormon.org and you will find out!i am still so confuse. what is the mormon?what the heck is with all the dislikes??@helenatorr Whats that supposed to mean? PC;s are better in every way, you 
can build them your self and they don't cost 4000$ for a quad core, you sir 
are an idiot.he aint no ping pong master lmaocool story bro!Two door-to-door evangelist Mormons showed up at my house yesterday. They 
showed me a business card saying "Where do I go when I die?" and their 
website. I said I'd look into it, that seemed to make them happy so they 
went away. It burned well.@shemale98 A member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.I would change your religion if you played me in ping pong what does a mormon do at a party? serious question? cant drink or smoke 
weed or have sex wtf r u gona do at a party?@shemale98 whats a shemale?Mormons are the PC's of religion.@shemale98 basically a christain lol we just believe in the book of mormon 
tooGood for him!Thank you for sharing this part of your life! heyy 801..he lives in utah now! I thought he lives in Tuskegee? that 
backdrop doesn't look utah at all either! aha@zXDeleriumXz no one hates Mormons, I even live in Salt Lake City and have 
a Mormon roommate. It's just it makes people uncomfortable when LDS church 
pushes their religion so hard.Once you get stuck in the mormon vids, you can't get out...love this :)@zXDeleriumXz we all don't hate the mormons, we just don't understand why 
their making these pointless videos like thisI honestly don't know why all you hate mormons. Honestly we are all just 
normal people. I really don't understand. The only reason people can come 
up with is that we are goody goods which makes no sense.PING MASTER MORMAN!?!?!?! dude thats epic wish I could say that about me. :/like ur u tube. U should become a writer and write about your life. I would 
like for u 2 c mine The Straw Women.@Sotoizlegit Mormons believe in the Bible as the word of God, as far as it 
is translated correctly. Mormons also believe in the admonition of Paul. So 
yeah. Idk what you're talking about.What is this black dude doin playin pingpong?I looked at ALL the different religions before I went to the LDS church and 
I went to the Jehovah's witness Kindom Hall for many years too. I was also 
determined to prove the mission guys wrong when they knocked at my door. I 
spent 7 months looking into the church before I even atteneded. We do not 
disrespect anyone because or their religion, colour, sexual preferences or 
anything, we are tolorent people and none of us are perfect either. 
Missions are not a right of passage and nor are they free@andrewrobertwells If you didn't believe mormons could be peaceful and 
normal people before watching this your an idiot plain and simple. That's 
one of the reasons I hate these ads actually the fact that they try to 
prove a point that never needed to be proved and even though I see mormons 
as normal members of society I still have to watch these stupid ads.Cool story bro, tell it againLove this story! And hes on a mission right now in england!!!!! i leave on 
my mission in october to idaho!! great to watch this! LDS!!!This is a cool guy. It shows that anyone can be a Mormon and feel more 
peace in their life.@KingIzStr8Rippin Public relations. There are a lot of misconceptions about 
the LDS church.super funny wen he's like i can't dance but then attempts to anyway... haha 
i wish he gave his # he is sooo cute!I cannot take you seriously when your name is Hydro Fusion Panda. That 
said, this is a touching story, regardless of how you view the LDS church.he kind of sucks at ping pong.@shemale98 go to mormon dot org.Alright. He's a chill guy, had a rough life, got through it. Why does it 
matter that he's a Mormon though?@zXHydroFusionPandaXz smh i bet ur mormon You're an inspiration! God bless you!i want to inter view you I sometimes wonder...when people just want to share what happened and what 
they have been through, just to share it on Youtube. What happened when it 
was 'You"Tube. He just wanted to share his story of how he overcame his 
troubles. You guys just comment stupid things and are so ignorant. No 
wonder you have nothing else to do, but to post stupid things on a video. I 
always wonder, what this world and what youtube has became. It has been 
overrun by so many douchebags. It's so sad sometimes.suprized hes not asian@jayswagmore91 his shirt is redWe'll all find God in our lives :]. No matter what kind of human your are. 
No matter what past life we use to live. God will find you,love you, and 
make you happy.@EvaUnitAtomsk That's a simple generalization. It's just like everyone else 
in the world, in some families the man may be the leader of the house OR 
the women might be. And that is somewhat true, you do have to pay for your 
mission BUT it's not a mandatory thing. It is completly a personal decision 
to go or not.@XSWEDC6 What I believe is the church is finally trying to clear the bad 
stereotype. If people wouldn't judge and stereotype Mormons, then there 
wouldn't be any need to "make ourselves look 'normal' "@RealBudSmokinKilla Haha not all, just the majority. What do you mean about 
birthplace?@SGVknarf That's a generalization. Just like everyone else in the world, 
it's a personal deal if you're racist or not. However, our religion does 
NOT support discrimination against anyone. :) @nataliefitz101 oh dear.. and it's the mormons like you that have everyone 
else thinking our religion is full of self righteous people..@reesee02 BECAUSE HE'S A MORMON, AND THE PING PONG SHOWS HE IS NORMAL AND 
MORMON.I don't understand all of the dislikes... I'm not Mormon, but I found this 
to be such an honest video. People find solace in everything, and he found 
it in religion. Why hate? I have to give him credit.whoooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go mormons! we rock! I am a Mormon. It does change your life. They feature these video's because 
people like me do care!Coolstorybro. Btw, you don't need religion to overcome adversity. black and poor i now i seen this before. oh ya the blind side@OriginalNamesHD I don't think this is an advertisement (i could be wrong, 
but i dont think so) I am pretty sure this is to uplift members of the LDS 
church and the helps inspire them also.@epicstreetballa23 you?? intelligence?? fat chanceWow We are hated, check out the dislikes...cool story bro.@monehish That's my theory@OriginalNamesHD Mormons are all about that, xD I've had one come to my 
door. black guy?? ping pong?? fat chanceWhat's a mormon?@Sotoizlegit Acts is terrific. Please read all of the Book Of Mormon. The 
whole book is wonderful! Too Legit to quit!!