Mormons are very well educated in our own church history. I don't want to 
get into a debacle though, I think everyone has different opinions about 
life and that is great. I like seeing all of the different beliefs in this 
world and I 100% respect Atheists, Catholics, Jewish peeps, members of 
Scientology, and any other belief system. What a wonderful world it would 
be if we stopped slinging mud and simply respected one another. Have a 
fabulous day!@666lilnickY Hope you don't mind if I adapt what you said to my own will: I 
love secular humanism. It has provided much more free time not having to do 
any of the time consuming religious rituals. It's good to live by my own 
pragmatic morals, beliefs, and principles instead of trying in futility to 
follow an ancient, poorly written anthology, a book which was probably 
written simply to act as a moral guideline to begin with and little more. 
Lets me focus on bettering myself and the world..... I'm a PCI find all of the anti-Mormon comments so interesting. Many are from people 
that I'd guess would refer to themselves as Christian. “By their fruits ye 
shall know them.” (Matt. 7:20.) Perhaps it's time for you to look inwardly 
and decide how truly Christian you are. Is it good to try to build yourself 
up by tearing others down?I love Brian. I was surprised to see this video because I know him 
personally, and I just came across it coincidentally. He is a good man that 
radiates happiness because he sincerely strives to follow the Savior's 
example.Love Kershisnik's work. So delicate and interesting.I love being atheist! it's provided so much more free time not having to go 
to church or anything. it feels good to live by my own morals and beliefs 
instead of following what some book that was written 3000 years ago.@MishkaHughes ... did you suggest he look up mormonism? you must not have 
read up on your religion's history...@SabrinyMcFeeny I love being Mormon. It's provided so much purpose and 
perspective in my life! You should definitely look into it.@WeBeDorkin Why?@SabrinyMcFeeny I do. I think it's really important to learn about other 
religions and keep an open mind. I did that a while back and I am very 
happy with my choice, but your's may be a different one. Just learn, pray 
and the decision will come naturally. @SabrinyMcFeeny I love being a Mormon. I never feel more happy and 
fulfilled then when I know I'm living the standards of the church. I feel 
like the more I learn and the more involved I get in serving in the church, 
I feel happier, more stable and balanced in life, and like I'm an all 
around better person. I definitely recommend Mormonism because I know it's 
true. I hope that helps answer your question!@BishopArnold God does not wish or grant harm on his creations, Your 
statement is like saying that God flooded Japan because he was angry with 
them and killed all the sinners and innocents a like in that country. Come 
on now!@SabrinyMcFeeny Try visiting mormon.org and there is a link there to 
request for LDS missionaries to visit you and your son.Hey, I know this guy!@SabrinyMcFeeny I am a musician from the LA area and our beliefs are put 
down a lot. Most of us are happier than most and we do have the family 
thing down pat. I can't speak for the Church, but I hope you look into it 
for your children's sake.@SabrinyMcFeeny I would say some of the kindest and happiest people I know 
are Mormons, I myself am not a Mormon but respect their great support 
system and values. for some reason he was talking with a neighbor about dying. The neighbor 
said "if I die I want you to build my coffin" a few weeks later the 
neighbor did die. Brian built a beautiful coffin. He is a man of his word. 
I feel I am a better person for have known him. :)10th!!!!!@mjhallfs neither does living a life of integrity but they can add to that 
commitment because it is acknowledging God and that higher power which can 
actually add more to that inspiration of the holy spirit.Why the long commute? He seemed to have a wonderful family.19 people dislike mormonsIt is interesting to see how he thinks about things and how his art informs 
his thinking about spiritualitymormons rock!He has a good sense of humor.Fantastic video. Fantastic person.Stop trying to convert.