What an inspiration and great attitude!﻿Thanks for sharing your experience.﻿What an amazing attitude! All that he has gone through, he is so positive 
and is able to find his happiness even through a horrible trial.﻿what an inspirational dude. love this video!Really, really inspirational!And I think Jarem would be the first to correct you and say that his drive 
was because of his Faith in Christ, that's not where everyone gets their 
drive from but that is what gave HIM the drive to move forward.I wish they would make a movie about this man's journey! So inspirational.. 
and if there is one thing this world needs right now, it's faith and 
inspiration! Go Jarem!It's good to hear a story like this of faith and hope in difficult 
circumstances. It's good to be reminded not to mope when one is down on his 
luck, but to pick yourself up and keep going.Wow it is amazing when you are Christian because you can overcome anything. 
This man believes and is amazing.I dont get how this story connects to being a mormon, but its a amazing 
story. im just saying.inspiringWhat an amazing guy. My hero. Because some people believe that Mormons cannot be inspirational, and these 
vids have a hidden agenda. Some people think that by giving these wonderful 
stories more thumbs down than up, they are somehow proving that popularity 
= right. Some people are so swayed by the adversary that they will spend 
countless hours of their time attacking. Sad, but that is how it is.Inspiring! I like the part about "where's the pirate" with the peg leg, 
lol. Pretty cool!Jarem is the most remarkable human being - character comes first. Good as 
gold, this man.Think you misread his comment. He never claimed religion is the origin of 
morality. But morality does exist because we have a Heavenly Father who 
gave us agency to choose right or wrong, and humanity fought to keep it. 
Therefore the liberty to make moral decisions is upon all of us, who all 
have the Spirit of Christ. This is all in the Plan of Salvation if you wish 
to learn more. Inspirational. LIKE!Nope, bible doesn't state that, but Protestant religions have made that 
part of their dogma. Bible says, "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but 
he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.i gotta show this to cody! I am heavy weapons guy... THIS is my weapon... and I'm a mormon :Dhow can any person dislike this video whether you agree with his religion 
or not he is a perfect example of overcoming adversity He never asked for this. (God I've been playing too much Deus Ex)@EnderOnIce That is a ridiculous reasoning you have there. Religion was 
never the start of human morals. It would be ludicrous to say that because 
I am an Atheist, I have no morals and I do not try to make up for bad 
behavior. I have drive because I like living, and I like health, not 
because a man two thousand years ago told people he was going to die for 
their wrongdoings. Just some insight...@SGTProduction But why do we have drive? I have been considering my beliefs 
recently: What does the church do for me? What does belief in Christ do for 
me? When I do something wrong, I feel that it is wrong, and the only reason 
I can have hope that I can move forward is if I do all I can to make 
restitution and repent. That is what keeps me going. And that principle, 
like so many others in christian belief, is something for which a witness 
can be received, but which also must be taken on faith.So what, being a mormon cures cancer?@SGTProduction Losing his leg made him realize life was worth living and 
gave him the motivation to do so. Although i do agree that it was his 
motivation and technology, not God. But i guess his experience made him 
appreciate him more.@KNWProductions Wrong Answer. thumbs down, flagged for spam.@SGTProduction Can't he say that though? He's glad he's an amputee because 
it's forced him to become stronger. Look at the big picture.He has a lot of energy, that I do not have, I have Chronic Fatigue. 
Incredible all the things he can do, despite the loss of a leg. It is hard 
to put stuff into words as a human, but I can understand what he was trying 
to say. I voted LIKE. @BeerBubbha420 - you idiot what did you expect. Did jesus give you a new 
face too LOL!!I was quite shocked to see a lot of dislikes in this video until the end 
the dude said he's a mormon. Then i realize the reason why there is so many 
dislikes. JUST SAD!!Why didn't he pick the bone transplant?I guess he meant that he's happy to be an amputee and alive rather than 
having two legs and 6 feet under.........thanks for sharing this video:)@KNWProductions theres only dislikes because for some reason people just 
enjoy hating on mormons. its ridiculous, let people believe what they want.@KNWProductions i did :)@EXPLOSIVaudio It is only a mormon video. It's not a series of videos 
trying to advocate that amputee athletes are normal people and this one 
happens to be mormon. It's a bunch of mormon poster boys. Nothing more, 
nothing less.the concept of an amputee rock climbing, frankly, is funny as hellhe didnt look that excited for his leg amputation surprise party ...lol 
....hahahahahahahahaHow could anyone dislike these videos? I'm not even Mormon and I think 
these videos are great! They're not promoting anything bad wtf people need 
to chill out!!the sad thing is that people dislike this just because it's a mormon 
video...@KNWProductions I agree. I think it's incredibly lame that Mormon haters 
come to all of these videos just to dislike them. And I'm not even Mormon!Wonderful video. It reminds me to have more gratitude for the things I have 
been given. @cureloms tell that to Spok.@SGTProduction I also think when he says he's glad to be an amputee that he 
means he's grown a lot from the experience. I know that when I look back on 
the hard times of my life I would say that, although I wasn't so glad about 
it while I was going through it, on the other side of the trouble I am glad 
that I went through it because it helped me to become better.@SGTProduction Jesus gave him comfort when he needed it. You can't say that 
Jesus didn't factor into it, at least in Jarem's opinion.his testimony and mission experience on mormon dot org is even more amazing 
than this video, which is hard to believe. @hrd2imagin true, a belief in God requires faith and defies logic. His 
answer is greater than logic. @SGTProduction he found God through his extremities and trials. for that 
reason he is thankful, not that anyone would be thankful for a disability, 
but because of what it made him become as a result. of course, you have to 
believe in God or his story won't make sense. I search for a clip from the Movie training day... Why is this coming up 
instead...What an example! You are an inspiration. Made my day! Thanks for he 
excellent story amigo! : )0:55 MAD FTW! :)@SGTProduction He is glad to be an amputee because of the opportunities it 
has given him and because it has made him who he is. Also if you aren't 
religious I respect that, but if you go around hating people who are, that 
I can't.@SGTProduction You're right. The gospel of Jesus Christ often doesn't make 
sense to our earthly intellects. That's what's so amazing about it. God 
knows us so well, and has such an amazing plan for us, that even the most 
difficult challenges can be blessings if we'll let Him into our lives. 
Because of God's help in my life, I have lost nothing, but have gained much 
more than I ever could have without my challenge. For that reason, I really 
am grateful for what has happened to me! JFI got sent here from Istanbul by The Four Lads. How does that work? @VISaVISonline people dont need a tangible source for happiness. the dalai 
lama teaches exactly that. if you want happiness its in your power to have 
it. and RELIGION is a tangible source. and a horrible one for happiness. 
religion causes multitudes of unhappy people@KNWProductions you're joking, right?@SGTProduction Also, don't put words in his mouth. He clearly believes that 
God gave him this disability, and he states in the video that his 
disability gave him the drive to improve himself. Thus God gave him his 
drive. Thus God DID allow him to do this.@SGTProduction He made it pretty clear that the reason he was "glad to be 
an amputee" was because his (God-given) disability helped him to become a 
better person. Thus, if he had not been an amputee, he would currently be 
worse off as a person. Why wouldn't that make a person happy? Which is more 
important: to have two functioning legs or to be the best person you can 
be? You're the one being irrational here.So many dislikes. Wow. Dislikes = People who want happiness to come from 
some tangible source not Jesus. His formula for life with religion provide 
him joy. Good on you Jarem! COol.I love hearing inspirational stories like this! They are so uplifting, they 
remind me to be grateful for what I have and what I've experienced.@SGTProduction Sometimes people find strength in their disabilities. I 
think what this guy is saying when he says "I am glad to be an amputee" is 
that if he wasn't an amputee he wouldn't be who he is today, and that he 
can see how Christ blesses him better than he would have.If he prayed hard enough, he would still have a leg. @sjcodan Well, actually it is just showing that Mormons are normal people 
who have a belief in God. If people are intolerant enough to dislike 
someone's uplifting story due to a conflict in religious perspectives, that 
is just sad.@SGTProduction I don't understand how this makes him irrational. Losing his 
leg opened up a whole new world for him - he is a different man than he 
would have been otherwise. He understands this when he says he is thankful 
for being an amputee. He explains that even though he has had a hard time 
coping, he was able to make the best of it and create a great life - a life 
that would not exist if he had kept his leg.@KNWProductions some people dont like religion, and this is a religion 
commercial. AKA: Religion sucks He's super hot.People "dislike" because they're against Mormons and trying to get comment 
replies about themselves, all of which isn't very Christ-like. : ) I didn't 
know this profile was here, and I LOVE IT!@SGTProduction Adversity shows you things you would not see or experience 
otherwise. Yes. Jesus gave you the technology and resources to build prostetic legs 
because he didn't really feel like just growing your leg back or stopping 
it from getting removed in the first place. How wonderful.Watching this video made my nose sting. So inspirational. I love this 
series of videos.170 ppl voted no on prop 8......and I'm a Baptist. But there's practically no difference, they both 
contribute to the same cause and are great branches of Christianity : ) My 
friend is Mormon and it seems his life is excellent, a lot of the things 
that are given to him seems like luck, but I know that's not it.Why would you dislike this video?you are an incredible inspiration, Jarem! :)When given the chance To live and move on He improve his circumstance And 
fashioned a body strong This is a sweet story. But this guy is not a rational person. He says "I am 
glad to be an amputee." Come on now. I'm glad that he's living to the 
fullest. But no one should say that. I have diabetes and am an extreme 
athlete, but I've never said "I'm glad to be a diabetic" Haha you can be 
positive about it... But BLAH. I'm reading into too far. Oh and technology 
and HIS DRIVE allowed him to do this... Not Jesus.Not gonna lie, i looked up a video like this because my father is getting 
his leg amputated, i was honestley gonna treat him different like not talk 
about certain things baby him ect, until i saw this, he's getting a 
prostetic leg similar to yours.@KNWProductions You'd be suprised how many idiots there are that just 
dislike a video because of religion oh how insparational, god truly helped this one man. It's a shame that god 
couldn't do the same about the holocaust or world hunger.All of these things have nothing to do with being a mormon. There are 
hundreds and thousands of people who you have "And I'm a mormon" 
commercials for that are NOT mormons. And I'll bet money that this comment 
will not be posted because of the censorship this religion has that 
continues on a website that's all about free speech.truely inspirational@KNWProductions Because they are using unrelated life challenges to sway 
people into being mormon instead of talking about the actual issues. I find you amazing, the spirit in which you have lived life, is totally 
awesome. The people that dont like the video are people that are not living 
with this disability but not living life and doing things in life as you 
are doing. God Bless you and your family, keep on doing what your doing, 
God will deal with the other folks in time.I enjoyed you video! I lost my leg to bone cancer at 14 also. I could 
really relate to your experience. Thanks for sharing you experience with 
others, it is very uplifting! His story is so similar to my nephew Wayne Hester who lost his fight with 
bone cancer . He was an amputee as well. He was an example to a whole 
community of people and showed true Faith and Courage. And HE was a Mormon. 
And an inspiration to MANY and is loved and missed and will always be.Jarem is one of my all time greatest Friends. You have always been an 
inspiration to me! Keep up the great work! You will continue to change the 
world for the better. That is there not to like?!? This is a wonderful video. So very uplifting 
and positive. I'm posting it on my blog very soon.much props Jarem!! You're the man!Jarem...you're a stud! I didn't even know you didn't have a leg! That's 
crazy man! You're so normal. ;) Thanks for sharing your story. I never knew 
everything.Three Cheers for brother Frye!It baffles me that someone would even consider disliking this. simply AMAZING